Navin Fluorine International Limited Stock | Good Time to Buy at CMP
.
https://youtube.com/shorts/0gbV2SuNOyM?feature=share
.
#navin #fluorine #international #stocks #shares #goodtime #timetobuy #currentprice #marketprice #stockmarket #sharemarket #market #investments #investing #sensex #trading #directusinvestments #thursdaymood #thursdayvibes #thursdaythoughts #thursdaymotivations

Intraday Profits
Open Your FREE Demat account Today and start Earnings at Stock Market - https://tinyurl.com/4dmsk9fy
✌🏻Trading With Me✌🏻
👉🏻Cut Your losses Small, aim for big profits.
👉🏻You Can't even make a penny out of Markets without knowing how it works.
👉🏻Join with us to learn Small things regularly and to become a Profitable trader in long Run
👉🏻Always show interest in learning Levels and Make profit from them in long Run.
👉🏻Never think to be rich too quick
Contact for further support - 9008809090

MyGate spent 96 hours to build its E-pass infrastructure, which launched on March 31.

Harsha Engineers International Ltd IPO on GCL! IPO Date Sep 14, 2022 to Sep 16, 2022.
Apply now:
https://eipo.gclbroking.com/
....

See more

ಇನ್ನೇನು ಹಬ್ಬದ ಸೀಸನ್ ಹತ್ತಿರ ಬರುತ್ತಿದೆ. ಮತ್ತೆ ಡಿಸ್ಕೌಂಟ್ ಗಳು, ಆಫರ್ ಗಳು ಬರುತ್ತಿವೆ. ಇದೀಗ ಫೆಡರಲ್ ಬ್ಯಾಂಕ್ ಗ್ರಾಹಕರಿಗಾಗಿ ಸಂಪೂರ್ಣವಾಗಿ ಕಾಗದರಹಿತವಾದ, ಡೆಬಿಟ್ ಕಾರ್ಡ್ ಗೆ ಲಿಂಕ್ ಆದ ದ್ವಿಚಕ್ರ ವಾಹನ ಸಾಲ ಸೌಲಭ್ಯ ನೀಡಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ.
#PersonalFinance #FederalBank #TwoWheeler #Loan #DebitCard #EMI

IAS officer Subhash Chandra Khuntia is new Irda chairman

Flavoured joke by Manforce Condoms 😐

The Lingayats revere both the god Shiva and the poet Basava. Some want the sect designated a religion, but the Hindu-nationalist BJP has an ideological reason to refuse them, as well as a political one

Union Bank has created right kind of structures to support its growth aspirations. The Bank is well capitalized with good provisioning cover, which equips us to pursue opportunities from a position of strength. - Rajkiran Rai G., MD & CEO

New Interim Chairman of TCS Ishaat Hussain
Ishaat Hussain was appointed Chairman of Tata Consultancy Services on November 9, 2016. He joined the Board of Tata Sons as an Executive Director on July 1, 1999, and is Finance Director of Tata Sons Ltd. beginning July 28, 2000. Prior to joining Tata Sons, he was the Senior Vice President and Executive Director – Finance in Tata Steel for almost 10 years.
Born on September 2, 1947, Hussain completed his schooling from The Doon School in 1963 to join St. Stephens College Delhi to do his graduation in Economics. A chartered accountant from England and Wales, Ishaat Hussain attended the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard Business School. He joined the board of the Indian Tube Company (a Tata Steel associate company) in 1981. Thereafter, he moved to Tata Steel in 1983 after Indian Tube was merged with Tata Steel.
Besides being on the board of Tata Sons Limited, he is Chairman of Voltas Limited and Tata Sky Limited. He is also on the boards of several Tata Companies such as Tata Steel, Tata Industries, Tata Teleservices, Titan Industries Limited.
In April 2005, Hussain was appointed a member of the Board of Trade, and in November 2006, he was appointed a Public Interest Director of Bombay Stock Exchange Limited. In January 2008, he was appointed a Trustee on the board of India Foundation for the Arts (IFA).

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Snapdeal is taking a real good look at logistics. The online marketplace has acquired a 20 percent stake in logistics firm GoJavas, in a move that analysts say is to gain a higher control over the crucial last mile delivery, an area its rivals Flipkart, Jabong and Myntra are already managing themselves. Snapdeal has thus far worked with third-party vendors, but it looks like that may be changing.

All eyes are on the Federal Reserve and higher rate jitters that has kept all markets on the edge. IMF chief Christine Lagarde has warned emerging markets to stay alert for capital outflows in the event of a rate increase.

Indian central bank chief Raghuram Rajan, in a discussion with Lagarde also expressed doubts of a joint central bank action of the kind seen in 2011. Domestic market interests and political concerns may outweigh any interest in joint action, rajan said. Sure enough, stock markets analysts in India are already predicting a rough quarter ahead.

Outrage in Karnataka: Meanwhile, the southern state of Karnataka has witnessed citizen anger over the death of a government official who had taken on the sand and mining mafia in the state and was taking a close look at tax evasions by real estate firms. Opposition demands for a federal agency probe have been rebuffed for now, but this story is by no means over.

Ikea has come one step closer to setting up India operations as it is evaluating a land acquisition in the southern Telangana from the state government. The furniture retailer has committed 105 billion rupees, or $1.7 billion, to India and hopes to set up 25 stores over the next decade. After Walmart’s missteps in the retail sector, Ikea has become the next test case for foreign investors looking at India’s massive retail business.

Cement Wars: The failed global merger between cement major Lafarge and Holcim may actually be good news for India’s UltraTech Cement, which was in danger of losing its No. 1 status to this merged entity. With the Modi government’s sharpened focus on infrastructure investment, which includes roads and bridges, another large competitor would have undermined Ultra Tech’s advantage.

Lastly, a look at black money. The tax department has just been given more powers to track illicit wealth stashed abroad and provide for strict penalties, even as the government has initiated talks with other governments for information sharing in this matter. That this comes on the heels of a leak of HSBC’s files on accounts held in its Swiss branches, which had more than 1,000 Indians, is no coincidence.

Every morning, we'll share the top news from India that professionals need to know. Click Follow to not miss one. And we want to know what you think, so head to the comments below with feedback, suggestions, bouquets and brickbats.

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

I wrote on 15.07.2017, that the stock market was overvalued. At that time Sensex just went past 32000.What worried me was that Sensex and Nifty were trading at 25 x. Sensex and nifty P/E ( price-earning ratio) over 25 was hardly justifiable given the  macro-economic fundamentals like GDP growth , export and so on. Historically there were a few occasions when P/E of broad base market indicators rose above 25. Even when it went past sporadically beyond that number, such dizzy heights were hardly sustainable. On the contrary more often than not they were precursors to ‘bubbles’. But the rally continued and this year, the day before the budget, on 31st January 2018, sensex rose to  36283.

When the market was on a roller-coaster ride after January last year ( 2017), I kept on maintaining that the ‘exuberance’ was liquidity driven and not based on fundamentals. The argument was partly supported by  the fact that 10 year bond yield started steadily falling from above 9 % in May 2014 to 6.24 % till the beginning of December 2016, post demonetization. A sizable portion of the liquidity ( cheap money)  created post demonetization did flow to the market directly and indirectly ( through mutual fund). The upshot is - after dismal 2016, the market gathered strength throughout 2017, and till January 2018 , market( sensex) grew from 26624 in December 2016 to reach 36283 on 31st January 2018 – registering a rise of 36% in 13 months. The other big reason for rally was - the markets of major economies, USA, in particular, witnessed sustained rally. The global GDP registered an impressive growth. All these enhanced investors’ sentiment in India though going by the India specific fundamentals there was no reason for market to reach such a height. On the contrary due to hasty implementation of imperfect  GST, tax collection suffered whereas government expenditure increased substantially following pay hike for employees pursuant to implementation of seventh pay commission recommendation resulting in fiscal mismanagement. Fiscal deficit has exceeded the budgeted figure. To manage fiscal deficit the government issued and continues to issue bond sucking the liquidity and enhancing the bond yield. The bond yield has increased steadily but surely from 6.52% in July 2017 to 7.72% in February 2018. Apparently market underplayed its impact. And at this stage a ‘nudge’ was needed to make the market understand the reality – that eventually came in the form of  investors ‘unfriendly’ budget by proposing tax on dividend payment by mutual fund and long term capital gain on sale of  shares etc. In quick succession came the political turmoil in the form of loss in by-election by BJP in UP and Bihar, TDP coming out of ruling alliance deepening further political uncertainty in the run up for 2019 general election. In coming months there will be crucial Karnataka election followed by election in MP, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh. All these election results will have serious implication on market and its valuation. Market will remain choppy and volatile.  

 A worrying feature is  that the banks have started selling mutual fund products to the depositors quite aggressively in last couple of years. As the deposit rates came down, gullible and clueless depositors were lured by the bank employees to invest in the different category of equity mutual funds ( equity funds). The bank employees are given target, as a result – such employees behave like ‘portfolio managers’ who advise the depositors and customers based on return only. They hardly know about the risk involved in equity and fixed income securities investments , many shades of risk like interest rate risk, inflation risk, default risk, diversifiable risk , market risk and so on, how such risks are measured etc. It is okay if a person invests in an instrument with full knowledge of ‘risk and return’ profile of the investment. It is ‘blasphemy’ on the part of the banks to lure the poor depositors to invest in a product they do not know of adequately. A person who traditionally deposits in savings account and fixed deposit account knows that he will get the nominal sum with stipulated interest. He is assured  of getting back the principal. He is not certainly aware that a GOI bond investment may not give him back the principal if there is a rise of market interest rate.  I doubt - how many bank employees advising the depositors about mutual fund products, themselves know about the risk of such investments.

In a situation like this, depositors and retail investors – BEWARE. Think before you invest in equity and debt mutual funds. Till 2019 market will remain choppy, volatile and extremely uncertain. If you really have to invest in mutual fund- understand there is RISK – particularly in short term. If you have patience to wait then only invest and, before investment, sought for advice from qualified SEBI registered mutual fund brokers who are into mutual fund business only. It is none of bankers’ or chartered accountant’s business to advise you about your investment portfolio unless they possess specialized knowledge and hands on experience in the subject.

HDFC securities has been serving a diverse customer base of retail and institutional investors, since 2000.
Headquartered in Mumbai, it offers an exhaustive product suite to help its customers invest in Equities, IPO/OFS, Buybacks, Mutual Funds, ETFs, Futures & Options for - Equity, Currency and Commodities, Fixed Deposits, Bonds, NCDs and National Pension Scheme, along with value added services like Online Will writing and Tax filing. The company offers a host of digital platforms like Mobile Trading App, Desktop based online trading facility, ProTerminal- an advanced trading platform and Arya- a voice enabled investing assistant. It also offers Call N Trade facility and dedicated Relationship Managers to assist customers. 
Since its inception, the company has established itself as a preferred trading platform (for NSE & BSE), with its integrated 3-in-1 account (Trading + Demat + Savings) backed by state-of-the-art technology. Over the years, the company has won many awards and recognitions. It is been contributing in various CSR activities pertaining to education, water, sanitation, financial awareness and medical assistance. Currently, the company has 250+ branches across 190 cities, serving over 2.1 million customers. 

Financial Services

Mumbai, Maharashtra

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Associate at Blackstone | UC Berkeley MFE

UC Berkeley MFE

Master of Financial Engineering Candidate at UC Berkeley | Fall Associate Intern at Morgan Stanley

Exotics Option Trader at Barclays | MFE, UC Berkeley

Quantitative Investment Strategy | Master of Financial Engineering, UC Berkeley

Sources: Economic Times, Financial Express & Live Mint

Hey there! This article is based on our second year major project of KL University named SDP(skill development project). On this regard a research work should be published. How we interacted with the user and what are the key insights that we gained and how we are going to design our project is this article all about.

Team Mates :

1) VENKATA SOWMYA KANCHARLA

2)KONDAVEETI SRAVANI

3)YAMINI CHOWDARY VAKALAPUDI

Our batch number is 485

Introduction :

The Stock Exchange Management System (SEM) refers to the system and processes to manage the stock of organization with the involvement of Technology system. The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in countries in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined.

Capital Market : Capital market is where both equity and debt instrument like equity shares, preference shares, debentures, bonds, etc. are bought and sold.

Functions of Capital Market:

Classification:

There are two types of capital market

1. Primary market - The primary market is a new issue market; it solely deals with the issues of new securities. A place where trading of securities is done for the first time.

Functions of Primary Market:

2. Secondary market - The secondary market is a place where trading takes place for existing securities. It is known as stock exchange or stock market. Here the securities are bought and sold by the investors. 

Functions of Secondary Market:

What actually is Stock Exchange?

Stock Exchange is an association or a individual which is established for the purpose of assisting, regulating, and controlling business in buying, selling and dealing in securities.

Functions of Stock Exchange:

Objectives and Goals of SEM:

1. To provide a fair, transparent and efficient securities market to investors using electronic trading system.

2. To establish nationwide trading facility for equities and debt instruments.

3.To ensure equal access to investors all over the country through an appropriate communication network.

ABSTRACT:

The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined. In order to make all the problems more comprehensive trading method in the world is used.

SURVEY:

THE STOCK EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS SURVEY will be conducted by our team members where we can understand the requirements of the users as well as the problems being faced by them The stock exchange represents one of the key institutions responsible for proper functioning of economy as a whole. This fact is true for all countries and helps explain why so much attention is given to regulation, monitoring and advancement of the exchanges. In order to gain the trust of all the participants in the capital market, the stock exchange is made completely transparent, so to speak, yet completely secure. It means that the trading rules on the stock exchange are known to the public, but the way in which the actual stock exchange works and the way in which these rules are implemented remains a well kept secret. Therefore no specific information can be obtained about the information systems of the stock exchange, only some general specifications of technical infrastructure.

MODULES:

We are thinking of four modules which consists of :

1. The development of the system that would handle the trading of bonds

2. Expanding the system by introducing new trading methods

3. Trading with all market materials

4. Introducing remote access Development and implementation of the stock exchange information system represents a responsible and difficult task, the realization of which require substantial financial resources, as well as human and technical resources. Limited material, staff and technical resources were the main factors that influenced many countries that were undergoing a period of transition to take over the stock exchange information systems of countries with developed market economies.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT METHODOLOGY :

Project management is mainly defined as being able to apply skills, knowledge and techniques in such a way as to finish all the necessary work and jobs that the project itself demands, or, in other words, that are vital to the successful completion of the project. Therefore the analysis was made of all previously existing project management methodologies. The conclusion drawn from this analysis was that the chosen methodology must always be clearly defined and applicable to most IT projects.

Contents of the article and the concepts:

I) Photos during the interaction, interviews and conducting surveys:

II) Charts and graphs on surveys we conduct - using google forms survey.

III) Video recording - (Interview with users)

IV) Online Research Links:

A number of brokerages and financial institutions provide online platforms for exchanging currency, .These platforms provide buy and sell prices, charts for trend analysis and economic reports to help with exchange decisions. Banks, hedge funds and traders use these types of platforms to speculate in currencies, trying to generate returns for their clients or themselves. Despite the risks associated with buying and selling currencies , it’s one of the best ways to exchange large sums of money.

        

    Online Searching portals:

1.)https://www.5paisa.com/online-trading

2.) https://ttweb.indiainfoline.com/trade/login.aspx

3.) https://trade.angelbroking.com/

4.) https://upstox.com/

5.) https://www.edelweiss.in/market

V) The customer journey map :

One of the advantages of the stock exchange is that is enjoys economies of scale because so much money passes through it. This helps to keep costs low, making it less expensive to buy and sell stocks.

A stock exchange can use millions of transactions to spread fixed costs of setting up and maintaining orderly and secure trading

Our customer journey map link

https://custellence.com/app/public/40207017

VI) User persona :

A user persona is a semi-fictional character based on your current or ideal customer. Personas can be created by talking to users and segmenting by various demographic and psychographic data to improve your product marketing.

VII) Empathy Map

An empathy map is a collaborative tool teams can use to gain a deeper insight into their customers. Much like a user persona, an empathy map can represent a group of users, such as a customer segment.

An Affinity Diagram is a tool that gathers large amounts of ideas, opinions, issues and organizes them into groupings based on their natural relationships. The Affinity process is often used to group ideas generated by Brainstorming.

Customer Journey Map:

Customer journey mapping also called user journey mapping is the process of creating a visual story of your customers' interactions with your brand. This exercise helps businesses step into their customer's shoes and see their business from the customer's perspective.

IX) Meeting with SDP2 Our Faculty Team (Recording)

(will be updated soon)

X) The Final List Of Users:

Most of the people these days tend to buy stocks online; it's much easier and quicker. Therefore, it's only natural that this activity is growing more interest and desire for people to try it themselves.

1)stock buyers

2)stock sellers

3) invested people(to keep a track on their stock prices)

4) working in stock markets

XI) User Stories For Each User:

Note: Permission has been taken from all the people shown in this article to upload it.

*********************************************

All the content present in this article is original work of SDP - 2 (Batch-485)

Reuse of the same content is strictly prohibited except for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research.

Author's written permission to be taken in prior to reuse the content.

*************************************************

Thank you!!!

Traction validation enginner at Alstom

#greenhydrogen is future fuel.

40,585 followers

ACME Group is grateful to the Government of Karnataka for their vision in building the State as a Green Hydrogen hub and extending their full support to this project.  Invest in Karnatka Invest India 

#greenhydrogen #greenenergy #renewableenergy #solarenergy #energyindustry #energytransition

To view or add a comment, sign in

Procedure to install Rooftop Solar panels.

 https://lnkd.in/gKwPjDGV

#solarenergy #solarpower #rooftop #MNRE Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) 

Remembering ‘Missile Man of India’ — Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam — on his 7th death anniversary.
#india #scienceandtechnology

#harmonics is basically the occurrence of non-sinusoidal #voltage and #current in the #power system network. Causes: Nonlinear characterstics of 1) #transformers, 2) Rotating machine, 3) Facts devices, 4) Power electronics components, 5) Welding tools, 6) #renewableenergy  integration, 7) #hvdc  network.
Impact of harmonics: 1) Malfunction of control devices, 2) Line losses, 3) Decrease in equipment lifetime, and 4) Losses in the utility equipment like Transformer, rotating machine, capacitor bank. 

Source: Power Quality in Power Systems and Electrical Machines

#powerquality

The power companies worldwide choose DC Transmission Network (DCTN) over conventional power AC Transmission Network (ACTN) due to its significantly lesser transmission losses. But the power system faults have an adverse effect (i.e., arises Power Quality (PQ) issues, low #reliability, and stability) on both DCTN and ACTN. DCTN 
consists of more power electronics devices than ACTN. The main component of DCTN is converters, so during any faulty condition, the DC system suffers from higher harmonics and other transient conditions. Therefore, this paper analyzes symmetrical and unsymmetrical faults for conventional #inverter  (INV) and Multi Modular Converter (MMC) based DCTN. Various parameters like Modulation Index (MI), Active Reactive power, and other controlling 
parameters are analyzed. The results of this paper show how 
MMC performs much better during fault conditions than INV 
for DCTN.
#powerquality #harmonics #converters #ieee CMR Institute of Technology, Bengaluru

Dear Sir/Mam, 
Greetings from CMR Institute of Technology, Bengaluru Institute of Technology, Bengaluru.
We are pleased to inform you that the Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering is organizing A Two Day Hybrid Hands-on Workshop on "Engineer Your Career in Finance" from 29th & 30th June 2022 @ 2 PM to 4 PM

About The Workshop:
Many Engineers follow the path of becoming a Finance professional in the future. It’s not only rewarding as a career; an Engineer always has the added advantage of being good at numbers. The webinar aims to build a base for understanding the basics of the Financial Sector where Engineers can make a fruitful career. It will give a glimpse of the basics of understanding the investment avenues available and might be of interest to Engineering graduates when it comes to career building. A detailed understanding of the Stock markets in India will open the various careers in Finance be it trading, stock analysis, industry analysis, economic analysis, investment banking and credit ratings etc. 
Objectives of the Workshop:
Day 1: 29th June 2022, 2:00 PM to 4 PM
Job Profiles suitable for Engineers.
Some Statistics show the number of engineers opting for business education
Qualities of Engineers suitable for a Finance Career.
How to steer your career in the finance sector
Companies with record selections of Engineers in finance profiles. 
Financial Planning as a career. 

Day 2: 30th June 2022, 2:00 PM to 4 PM
Financial Planning Basics. 
Knowing the traditional Investment Evenue. 
Understanding the various ways of investing in the stock market. 
Basic Understanding of Stock market. 
How to buy and sell stocks. 
Investing in derivatives. 
The outcome of the Workshop:
The major outcome of this workshop is to show the direction to the budding engineers in the aspects of opting for their career in finance. Also, to get them motivated into distinct career planning. 
Details of the Resource Person:
Mr Mithun Kumar Guha
Program Coordinator, Head - Placements. 
NSHM Knowledge Campus, West Bengal.

Registration Link: Registration Fee INR 100/- & In House Registrants (CMRIT) Fee INR 50/-

All the participants are requested to Register at: https://lnkd.in/duZkVG_M 

#finance  #education  #business #investment #career #job  #stockmarket #trading #engineering

Market Intelligence, News, Events for Cleantech, Renewable Energy Companies

#Odisha has significant potential for #solaropenaccess due to large-scale industries in the western region. Odisha installed 17 MW of #openaccess #solar in Q1 2022, according to Mercom India Research’s newly released report Mercom India Solar Open Access Market Report Q1 2022. 
https://lnkd.in/dU99ghZY

BLACK START is the process of restoring a power unit(s) to operation without relying on external electric power from the transmission network. Typically, a plant coming online requires electricity for startup units and control equipment. When the entire grid is down, plants have no external sources of power to restart, and thus rely on a dedicated black start power plant
Different #blackstart power plants are diesel generators, nuclear and hydropower plants.  
#emergencymanagement #powerplant #backuppower #blackout

Renewable power generation costs have fallen sharply over the past decade (i.e from 2010-2020).  Most projects in the #IRENA Renewable Cost Database are in #China (740 GW), the #unitedstates  States (208 GW), #India (140 GW), and #Germany (90 GW).
For #solarpvsystem 
As per global weighted-average #LCOE of utility-scale #solar #PV for newly commissioned projects fell by 85% between 2010 and 2020, from USD 0.381/kWh to USD 0.057/kWh. 
For #onshorewind 
For onshore wind projects, the global weighted-average cost of electricity between 2010 and 2020 fell by 56%, from USD 0.089/kWh to USD 0.039/kWh, as average capacity factors rose from 27% to 36% and total installed costs declined from USD 1 971/kW to USD 1 355/kW. 
For #offshorewind 
For offshore wind, the global weighted-average LCOE of newly commissioned projects declined from USD 0.162/kWh in 2010 to USD 0.084/kWh in 2020, a reduction of 48% in 10 years.
for #CSP
Over the period 2010 to 2020, the global weighted-average cost of electricity from CSP fell 68% from USD 0.340/kWh to USD 0.108/kWh.
Between 2010 and 2020, 60 GW of new #bioenergy for power capacity was added.
United States- LCOE reduction – 88% (1st position)
Sweden- #LCOE reduction – 84% (2nd position)
#India - LCOE reduction – 83% (3rd position)
China- LCOE reduction - 70% (4th position)
#Japan, #India and the #Republic of #Korea together contributed another 13.7 GW of new #pv  capacity during 2020
#ResidentialsolarPV total installed costs in India declined 73% between 2013 and 2020.
As per IRENA report, 2020 data available from #India, #china , Australia, #spain , and #malaysia  since 2013 shows that in these locations, which have good #irradiation conditions and have experienced increasingly competitive total installed costs, very #low LCOEs can be achieved.
The lowest installed costs for large #hydropower  were in #China and India There, the weighted-average installed cost was USD 1 314/kW in China, while in #India it was USD 1 373/kW.
weighted-average capacity factors of #bioenergy -fired power generation projects for the period 2000 to 2020. According to the IRENA cost database, North America showed the highest weighted-average capacity factor – 85%– followed by Europe, with 82%, India with 68%. China and the rest of the world showed lower weighted-average capacity factors of 64% and 67%.
#revenue #finance #solarenergy #global #report 
#IRENAreport2020 #RenewPowerreport2020 RenewPower agora é KnowHow Eficiência Energia

824 followers

Its been like 4 - 1/2 Years for us since we ventured into India's Long Distance Trucking Business.

The Trucking Freight rates for 32FT MXL, have a very curious set of Numbers, that make this Industry, extremely challenging to operate and Innovate.

Most Express Logistics Companies Expect to get 32FT MXL Container trucks at Rs. 26-27 / KM ( All Inclusive) with 30 -45 days payment and monthly running of about 8,000 KMS guaranteed.

Here are the Operating Cost and Fixed Cost of Each Truck (could vary from Company to company by 10%) based on 8000 KMS monthly Running.

TOTAL Cost / KM : Rs. 35.00 per KM

Revenue : Rs. 27.00 per KM

Essentially, the only way to reduce this gap is to Increase the KMS / Month.

To add to this problem, is the CV Manufacturers, like TATA / LEYLAND / EICHER, offering frequent deep discount on purchase of New Trucks, sinking the freight rates further as over supply results in cut throat competition.

When there is daily grind to survive, there is hardly any time or energy left for INNOVATION.

Most Truckers, resort to cut the Maintenance cost to survive, resulting in poorly maintained trucks.

The SOLUTION : All Major players have to start with MINIMUM Rs. 32.00 / KM during contract negotiations with 10,000 KMS / Month base line. Don't buckle under pressure. If you have EMI free Trucks, remember, that once present truck reaches its End-of-Life, you need to INVEST IN FLEET REPLACEMENT.

We know that some fleet operators, can try to disturb the market, however, if we all put out these numbers to our customers, and then negotiate, we may have better chances of survival. It's Important to SPEAK OUT. And we have already begun the process. Its a tough long journey, cause customers have been used to Unviable Freight Rates for far too long.

However, for the Betterment of Drivers, for the Increased road Safety, for sustainable business, for our Bankers / Financiers, for our Team, and above All, for the Future of Logistics Industry, we need to GET VIABLE FREIGHT RATES.

Let me know your comments and how we can make INDIA'S LONG DISTANCE Trucking better.

A new tranche of RBI’s Sovereign Gold Bonds (SGB) Scheme 2021-22 has opened today and it will remain open till 29th October. Here’s a primer on Sovereign Gold Bonds.

A sovereign gold bond is a paper-based or digital way to invest in gold.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) offers Sovereign Gold Bonds on behalf of the Indian government. Each bond is equal to one gram of gold of 999 purity.

The current price of gold gets reflected in the price of the bonds issued. The price of a gold bond is released before it becomes open for subscription. So, a simple average of gold prices over the previous three business days is used. The India Bullion and Jewelers Association Limited publishes a price for 999 pure gold, which is taken into consideration.

The current issue price is Rs. 4,765 per gram of gold.

Sovereign gold bonds come with a maturity of eight years. However, you can exit SGB after five years by selling your bonds on the exchange.

You can purchase sovereign gold bonds through mobile banking, net banking or even by submitting a physical form to your bank. Nowadays, various brokerages and investment platforms also offer sovereign gold bonds as an investment avenue. 

Here are some of the advantages of Sovereign Gold Bonds:

Just like any other investment option, gold bonds also has some disadvantages.

Should I invest in Sovereign Gold Bonds?

You can invest in SGB if you are looking to diversify your portfolio. Moreover, gold bonds can also be a good option if you take non-physical exposure to gold. 

“Gold bonds(SGB) are a great option for investing especially for low-risk investors. This option gives lots of benefits like low cost, secured against physical risk, can be a source of passive income, the maturity amount is tax-exempt. Though investors should understand that hold investment should be part of your portfolio for hedging and diversification purpose. Also, should be limited to 10-15% of total portfolio,” says Gayatri Jagdale, Founder, Fund-Matters.

Conclusion: 

If you love gold as an investment or hoard gold for safety purposes, you can try sovereign gold bonds. In the current situation, the sovereign gold bond is one of the best ways to invest in gold. 

 

LinkedIn User

Welcome to #stockmarket

 #Nykaa net profit at Rs 1.2 crore for last quarter. #Market cap Nykaa is 1.1 lacs Cr

#TATA steel net profit at Rs 12,500 crore for last quarter. #Market cap Tata steel is 1.5 lac cr

 #shareholders #share #marketplace #gambling #sharemarket #sharemarketindia #sharemarketnews #sharemarkettraining #shareholdervalue #sharetheknowledge
        

We are Hiring!! 

Job Location: - Kaushambi NCR Delhi

Requirement: Semi qualified #CA/ #qualified  CA with below competency:

1. #GST Working & filing 
2. Good Understanding of Direct & Indirect #Taxation 
3. #TDS Working & filing
4. Bookkeeping working 
5. Payroll Working
6. Balance Sheet Working
7. Good Communication, writing & soft Skills
8. Good at excel
9. Good at Managing multiple clients
10. Open to study specific subject matter case to case basis

Immediate joinee will be preferred.

Drop Resume in inbox: - casharma.sharad2000@gmail.com
        

*Urgent Hiring*
Hiring for qualified Chartered Accountant 

1) Experience: 0-1year

2) Number of Vacancy : 1

3) Job Type : Full Time

4) Salary : 25k- 40k

5) Location : Kaushambi, Delhi NCR 

Interested candidates can send there resume on 
WhatsApp no - 9718242785 (Shivangi Gupta)
Mail id - shivangigupta.ksvg@gmail.com

#cajobs #jobsearch #accountsjobs #charteredaccountant
        

Supreme Court upholds validity of PMLA; passage of amendments as money bill to be decided by larger bench.

*Gist of SC Judgment*
1) SC upheld ED powers of inquiry, arrest, and attachment of property. The bench upholds the validity of various provisions of the PMLA and says that stringent conditions for bail under the Act are legal and not arbitrary.
2) ED, SFIO, DRI officials not "police" -- statements recorded during the inquiry are valid evidence, the bench says.
3) However, the apex court held that the question of enactment of amendments in 2019 to the PMLA Act as money bill has to be decided by a larger bench of seven judges before whom the same question is already pending.
4) SC also says that it is not mandatory for ED officers to disclose the ground of arrest at the time of detaining an accused in a money laundering case.
5)The top court upholds strict bail provisions under the PMLA.
6) The bench says it is not necessary to give an ECIR copy to the accused

 #legal #property #money #police #supremecourt
        

आप सभी सोशल मीडिया परिवार के लोगो को गुरु पूर्णिमा की हार्दिक बधाई एवं शुभकामनाएं।

Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh 
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)
        

Corporate lessons from political happenings in Maharashtra

1. Top Boss must be accessible to ALL: MLAs rebelled due to inaccessible CM. 

2. Wrong business Alliances can break your company: SS entered into an alliance which was against the political ideology. Cultural integration became an issue, ultimately failed. 

3. If unemployed, be ready to accept one level down position: Devendra Fadanvis assumed the post of Deputy CM after serving as the CM in his last stint. 

4. Experience is superior to the inheritance: 2/3 of the MLAs supported Mr. Shinde who is a home grown talent of the party over the political heirs of Late Shri Balasaheb Thackeray. 

5. Do not neglect your middle management: a neglected middle manager can be the future CEO of another company..

6. When the other party needs an alliance: negotiate hard- NCP and INC grabbed meaty portfolios in previous govt. They were aware about the shorter life span of the alliance. 

And the last one: CEO can't be on WFH 


 #business #management #talent #wfh #leadership #experience #learning #marketing #motivation #india #future #ceo 

Copied
        

IL&FS FRAUD: India's audit watchdog National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) finds lapses in EY's audit, says the audit firm's appointment was illegal, and the auditor compromised the independence. #SRBC 

#Source: NFRA's Audit Quality Report of the Statutory Audit for FY18 for IL&FS. The 384-page long report has many findings for EY! 

#Auditlatest #Auditors #NFRA #Audit #ILFS #auditorindependence 

https://lnkd.in/d9NBzah3
        

Today a courtesy meeting was made with the personality-rich Honorable Purushottam Rupala ji, Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairy, Government of India and his consent was obtained for the upcoming program.

 #india
        

Vacancy at RK Bhalla & Co, Chartered Accountants

CA with 0-2 years experience/Semi-qualified with 5 years experience/
Ca articles

Work Exposure -Internal Audits, Statutory Audits, Tax Audits, Bank Audits, GST Consultancy

Location - West Punjabi Bagh, Delhi

Interested candidates, please contact:
CA Suraj Bhalla
Email - casurajbhalla1@gmail.com
Mobile - 9811968321

CA Suraj Bhalla
        

CGST Gurugram issued a “bizarre” summons dated 17.05.2022 (see pic) later arrest CAs – Strange, (i) generated at 2022-05-17 20:22:15.0, call to be present at 8.30p.m. same day (within 8 minutes). Can the officer respond to how it is served? (ii) Strange Summon issued to “Firm” to be present. (iii) Strange - Mentioned produced document and things following description – but nothing mentioned. (iv) Strange – mentioned making inquiry under CGST – under which provisions – officer does not know. (vi) Strange – summons issued by officer mentioned many designations – he does not know his right designation. (v) Strange – mentioned making inquiry – nothing mentioned against whom & in which respect – then how a person to respond. (vi) Strange section 70 CGST state provisions of CPC, 1908 applies- but officer does not care. (vii) Strange – summons can be issued by “the proper officer”, not by any or every officer, but here it is not issued by proper officer. Summons become a tool to harass professionals and taxpayers. Expose Corrupt.

https://lnkd.in/d7a5kPHK
        

BEAUTIFUL STORY 🥰❤️❤️

My wife was sleeping next to me... and all of a sudden I got a Facebook notification, a woman asked me to add her. So I added her. I accepted the friend request and sent a message asking, "Do we know each other?"
She replied: "I heard you got married but I still love you."

She was a friend from the past. She looked very beautiful in the picture. I closed the chat and looked at my wife, she was sleeping soundly after her exhausting day of work. 
Looking at her, I was thinking about how she feels so safe that she can sleep so comfortably in a completely new home with me.

She is far from her parents' house, where she spent 24 hours surrounded by her family. When she was upset or sad, her mother was there so she could cry in her lap. Her sister or brother would tell jokes and make her laugh. Her father would come home and bring her everything she liked and still, she placeed so much trust in me.
All these thoughts came to mind, so I picked up the phone and pressed "BLOCK".
I turned to her and slept next to her. 

I am a man, not a child. I have sworn to be faithful to her and so it will be. I will fight forever to be a man who doesn't cheat on his wife and tear a family apart....

Credits : Posted by a lot of connections, I loved the story so , I couldn’t resist 🙈

#trust #love #house #trustworthy #trustworthiness #delhi ##delhincr #sleep #partnersforlife #partner
        

27,415 followers

April 25, 2019

1 like

April 2, 2019

March 1, 2019

2 likes

April 26, 2018

3 likes

October 18, 2016

August 31, 2016

6 likes4 comments

May 4, 2016

April 6, 2016

March 10, 2016

January 27, 2016

October 26, 2015

3 likes2 comments

October 13, 2015

5 likes1 comment

September 29, 2015

May 12, 2015

1 comment

April 28, 2015

1 like1 comment

April 22, 2015

April 8, 2015

March 31, 2015

March 17, 2015

March 10, 2015

Trading was different back when it all started. It was beyond the interest of those who had a 9 to 5 job. Till date I hear people say “I’ve heard good things about stocks, but how do I actually do it?”. Is the risk factor mentally  stopping us from investing? Is lack of knowledge the problem? I believe no matter what the road-block is, you can always find a way or a means to get there, if you really wish to. No matter what your background is, you can start learning about stocks as well as other investments.

 Stories of the past are important as they give you an understanding of the potential of the system. You get to understand what trading was and what it has now become. So before I tell you about what or who will be the next generation of traders, let me tell you about how, why and where it all started...

 Humble Beginnings

 The simple and informal beginnings of stock exchanges in India take one back to the 1850s when 22 stockbrokers began trading opposite the Town Hall of Bombay under a banyan tree. The first organised stock exchange in India was started in 1875 at Bombay and it is stated to be the oldest in Asia. In 1894 the Ahmedabad Stock Exchange started to facilitate dealings in the shares of textile mills there.

 Today, the stock exchange no longer happens face to face in an office like you see in the movies. Shouting on telephones to get your order punched is a thing of the past.  All thanks to technology. 

 Today trading takes place electronically and involves a broker who has your financial information to facilitate transfers between your bank and brokerage. When you place an order, technology enables the brokerage to interact with all the securities exchanges looking to execute trades. 

 Let’s Head Towards The Pandemic

 With banks lowering their interest rates, job loss, salary cuts, ease of opening a demat account online, more time at hand due to working from home and people looking for alternative sources of income, online trading became a boon.

 As of January 2021, India had a total of 5.15-crore demat accounts, compared with 4.08-crore as of financial year 2020 and 3.59-crore as of FY19. [Source] The aspiration of the middle class itself created a demand for easier ways to trade. Smartphones and better internet connectivity in remote areas also facilitated demat account openings. 

 After Maharashtra and Gujarat, which traditionally have been leading the market when it comes to investors and investment, the third is UP with 52.3 lakh investor accounts (very small compared with the state’s huge population of about 20 crore), fourth is Tamil Nadu with 42.3 lakh accounts, and the neighbouring Karnataka is closely behind with 42.2 lakh ranking fifth.

 The tiniest territory Lakshadweep has the lowest number of demat account holders at just about 480, following Andaman & Nicobar with 9,700 accounts, according to the BSE data. But, a vast majority of these accounts are inactive. An industry study in March 2020 said only a fourth of then 4 crore accounts were active.[Source]

 Whether people had knowledge of trading or not, the number of demat account openings grew. 

The Baby Boomer Reaction To Trading

 All the while our brains were programmed to not take a risk. From the time we were kids till the time we got jobs. Infact getting a job is testimony of the fact that your thinking is influenced by the fear of failure. No institution teaches us how to be okay with failure and risk and how it actually helps us. Except for the few quotes on the internet today. That’s not enough. 

 So this is the path our baby boomer generation took and they watched while there were some skewed towards trading in those days. 

 Now this generation is nearing or has reached the retirement stage wondering if they have enough for themselves. They are also considering whether they should manage their own trading account or hire someone to do it for them. Unlike generation Z.

 What Happened To That 9 To 5 Job?

 Having a second income is not only the smart thing to do, but has also become a popular trend, courtesy - pandemic. So partnerships, side hustles, franchises, freelance and everything else including investing in stocks started catching pace. People kept their day time job and made sure something more was happening in the background. While the pandemic was unfortunate, I also personally think that the pandemic created an environment where people learnt lessons in management, business and economics for the millennials. It pushed adults to break away from their traditional 9 to 5 jobs and do what they love, learn something new and invest so that their money grows. People started realising the importance of making money work for them. There is always a risk in trading and any investment for that matter, but there is great risk if you don’t invest. Trading is like any other job. It needs strategy, patience and grit. 

 In Comes Generation Z: The Next Generation Of Traders

Generation Z, are those born between the year 1997 – 2012. They are rarely influenced by rules and want to be their own boss. To them, social media is a tool through which they learn and display their achievements. All technology and finance has done is given them an opportunity to be more of the entrepreneur they are. They are the ones taking trading mainstream to the extent that they think of pursuing it as a career. 

 Hope the next few years will start to see wider audiences for trade, along with education shifting towards covering topics on management and investment too. 

Home Alone !
        

Over 1.7 Lakh new residential units were launched in 2021 across the top six cities namely MMR, Pune, Gurugram, Noida, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. MMR recorded the maximum number of launches capturing more than a quarter of the total share. 2021 was a year when both the developers as well as the buyers appeared optimistic about the realty market. Attributed to the strong homeownership sentiments, sales of residential units picked up pace and to keep up with this momentum developers responded by launching new residential projects.

Click here to read our detailed analysis on the New Project Launches in 2021: https://lnkd.in/d4eHGXZx

Stay tuned for more such insights!

#SquareYards #RealEstate #RealEstateIndia #IndianRealEstate #Overview #Sales #Transaction #Homes #Property #HomeBuying #HomeBuyer #PropertyBuying #ResidentialHomes #ResidentialProperty #PropertySale #Stats #Research #Numbers #Infographics #RealEstateStats #RealEstateTrends #RealEstateNumbers #Marketing #RealEstateMarketing
        

These two will add more glitters to the already shinning Indian #Fintech story-
* #Rupay #creditcard on #UPI
* #CrossBorder bill payments. 

#globalfintechfest2022
        

Disruption: Can Banks Strike Back? 

Arthur D. Little Philippe De Backer Juan Gonzalez Ron Shevlin 💯 Jim Marous Panagiotis Kriaris Ramana Kumar A Andrew Banks Ali Khan Tristan Brandt #disruption #banks Couchonomics with Arjun Singh #Couchonomics #strikeapose #fintech #agility #disruption #data #digital Rocío Castedo
        

Speaking at the Global Fintech Fest on Tuesday, Praveena Rai, chief operating officer, National Payments Council of India (NPCI) said that UPI123Pay, the new payment method has seen some early traction with over 2 lakh active users.

Praveena Rai | National Payments Corporation Of India (NPCI)

Story by - Sheersh Kapoor

#gff #UPI #featurephones #npci #globalfintechfest #RBI #BFSI #finance #economy
        

Inspiring .. suniel shetty
        

My professional journey has been long, wide & winding. 

By 21, I was a settled restaurateur and most people expected me to stick to that path. 

At 24, I was drawn to fashion merchandising. To some, it seemed silly to give up a flourishing family business and start out in fashion, but that leap led me to building out my first baby, Mischief! 

At 28, my closest friends thought it was ridiculous to give up being a fashion entrepreneur to pursue a career in films.  

Restaurateur to Merchandiser. Retailer to Actor. NGO to Real Estate. Brand Ambassador to Mentor. Film Producer to Startup Founder :)  

While it was uncommon back then to make career switches, things are different today. Education today has become specific to interests, and ultimately careers. 

I’ve met several young professionals who have upskilled, reinvented themselves, pivoted to different industries, or made a big switch in their careers, especially in the post Covid world. 

What hasn't changed though, is what one needs to do in order to succeed at making such changes and transitions. 

These have been some of my guiding principles whenever it came to making those transitions, 

1. Family - always take your family into confidence. If there’s any resistance, work through it. My parents, my sisters Suj & Sumi, my wife Mana and now my kids, are always a part of any key decision. My dad always said, ‘One life to live, give it your best’, and knowing I had his blessings did magic for my confidence. 

2. Plan - Make a roadmap, with little milestones. Identify areas that need special focus. Speak to people, gather intelligence and prepare well. I did a whole lot of homework about the real estate business before we broke ground with our first project. 

3. X Factor - Figure out what it is that you can bring to the table that most others can't. When I opened my first fashion store, I was sourcing stuff from international markets way before anyone else did. Midnight sales were a huge hit @ Mischief, probably because it was unheard of in the early 90’s. 

4. Network - Build connections, and maintain them. Don’t do this with the hope of gaining something. Do it from a genuine place, and add value to their lives. Yes, be genuine in your approach to networking. Some connections, I've now nurtured for close to 40 years. 

5. Improve, consistently  - Keep finding ways at getting better. Upskill. It’s simple, there’s no way around this. When my team & I started our content company, I could not afford to think like a film actor or producer. I just HAD TO think and act like the Founder of a bootstrapped venture. And it meant having to reinvent and learn a lot of new things. 

Most importantly, be HAPPY in whatever you do. 

For all of you who’re in the process of making a change, I truly hope these will help. 

Good luck, and keep going 🚀

#careerswitch #transitions
        

Happy to be part of building Digital KCC for banks in India 🇮🇳 reaching it to farmers ..
        

An Insightful address by the Hon. Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) .Shri. Shaktikanta Das. He shared a lot of strong initiatives  by the Central Bank to promote the Fintech ecosystem and the culture of innovation in the country.He spoke about digital transformation and the digital currency plans in a phase wise manner starting from wholesale payments and then moving forward to include the entire economy.  He emphasized the need for reducing the turn around time and introducing frictionless disbursing credit and spoke of innovations in Kissan or Rural credit by thehe efforts of  Innovation hub.
Initiatives for Payment Aggregrators will include IRDAI and SEBI regulated entities as well said the Governor. Three products are being launched alongaode the address and this includes UPI lite, Linking credit card to UPI and cross border bill payments using BBPs.

He re-iterated the support of the regulator to strengthen the Fintech and Digital Teansformation of the Financial services sector. He also asked innovators to be responsible and have transparent governance for sustainability.

He said that the Regulator is working with agencies to white list the entities in providing digital credit. He assured that the RBI will continue to support innovation and urged to respect risk mitigation and regulatory frameworks and asked players to follow the traffic rules for safety of everyone in the system.
Manoj Agrawal Banking Frontiers  Prasanna Lohar Ram Rastogi 
        

Yulu raises US$82 million in Series B for global automotive giant Magna. 

This funding round is a confirmation for the growing importance of #electricalvehicles for sustainable and affordable micromobility solutions. 
        

Yes paid in kind / equity could be worth the value sometimes .. I have benefitted like that ..
        

I helped someone. And I got Rs. 1 crore in return.

Here’s what happened:

Back in 2008, when I quit my job at BharatMatrimony.com, I was offered to join a startup as an initial founding member, which I refused because I wanted to run my own venture.

Later, the CEO of the startup asked me to help him recruit key team members, which I did. Few months down the line, he offered to compensate me for my help, which I again refused.

However, he sent me a share certificate worth Rs. 60,000.

The story doesn't end here.

I almost forgot about the shares until 2017. That’s when I went out for lunch with my friend Santosh Shetty. He reminded me of the shares and told me that the company was now listed.

At home, I asked my wife if she knew where the share certificate was but she wasn’t aware of the incident at all. Several hours of searching the house yielded nothing and I gave up.
 
Later, when we were shifting our office in Mumbai, my office boy called me and said he had found one bag with many documents. 

And the share certificate was in there. I subsequently got them dematerialized - and discovered that they were now worth Rs. 1 crore.

So, the lesson here is - Always help someone without expecting anything in return. The universe has a funny way of conspiring to make it count.

And, hey, If a startup founder insists on paying you for voluntary help, let it be in the form of shares.

So, are you with me on this?

#startup #equity
        

RELIANCE SETTING THE TONE FOR A NEW INDIA 

This could be a big example that Reliance Industries Limited is setting for a country like ours that has various home grown family businesses, many of them which are now being run by 3-5 generations and even more 

It’s one that’s truly showcasing equality among the successors in a family business and more importantly still also putting a message out to the world at large too 

There’s been many a discussion about Women leading family business and then playing the #worklifebalance balance too and this one’s a great perspective to look at

In fact interesting to see BBC do a story of this as compared to an Indian #media group and it showcasing this succession plan rather well in one of the country’s largest #business groups 

That’s a great narrative and sure hope to see many more business groups follow the same too. Classifying some types of roles/ #jobs best suited to a particular sex is definitely passé 

https://lnkd.in/dxmta_B5
        

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor, Mr. Shaktikanta Das's Great Address at Global Fintech Fest 2022

India is  looking for forward upcoming right Innovations with Right Regulations... 

Exciting Time ahead ...

1. RBI Fintech Unit Formation 
2..On going Hackathon - Harbinger and It's success display at GFF 2022
3. Kisan Credit card Loan
4. Role of RBI Innovation Hub is very crucial ahead
5. Announcement of 5th RBI Fintech Cohort for all themes
6. Role of Sustainable Fintechs
7. CBDC Launch ..to begin with Wholesale CBDC and then Retail CBDC
8. Special support for Rural credit for India's growth story 
9. Account Aggregator Framework and its adoption SEBI IRDA PFRDA 
10. VKYC and CKYC onboarding and it's Innovation 
11. UPI Lite Launch 
12. Cross border billpay with BBPS Launch 
13. Rupay Credit Card linkage with UPI Launch 
14. Digital Lending Guidelines importance 
15. Rise of ONDC 
16 . Better Cyber Security .. Regulatory Compliance with Right Governance

Great to see ... Reserve Bank is looking forward for innovations are aligned with vision of Robust Customer Experience and Long term sustainability of Fintech.

✨✨🚀👍
        

Industry First Digital KCC , Union Bank Under RBIH and RBI Guidance .. 

Digital lending goes last mile for farmers. 

WhatsLoan is happy to be Fintech Partner  with Union Bank for this..
        

As part of flagship Digital Transformation project ‘Sambhav’, Ms. A. Manimekhalai, MD & CEO #UnionBankOfIndia launches an Industry-first, farmer-focused end-to-end digitalization of Kisan Credit Card to digitize the lending process, making it more efficient and farmer friendly. 
#UnionBankOfIndiaCares #GoodPeopleToBankWith #AmritMahotsav #DigitalApnayen
        

29,186 followers

ITC, Castrol India, Max Financial Services, Bajaj Consumer Care, and Zomato will be in focus as they declare their June quarter earnings today.

Indian Oil: The government-run Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) on Friday reported a net loss of ₹1,993 crore for the first quarter of the current financial year as against a net profit of ₹5,941 crore recorded in the corresponding period of the last year. The company's profit declined sharply due to high input costs. IOCs revenue from operations surged to ₹2,51,933 crore for the quarter ended June 30.

Bank of Baroda: State-owned Bank of Baroda on Saturday reported a 79.3% rise in its standalone profit after tax (PAT) to ₹2,168 crore in the quarter ended June 30, on higher growth in net interest income (NII). This compares with a profit after tax of ₹1,209 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal. Net interest income (NII) increased by 12% to ₹8,838 crore as against ₹7,892 crore in the year-ago period.

Indian Bank: Indian Bank on Saturday reported a 2.7% rise in net profit to ₹1,213.44 crore for the April-June quarter on tepid income growth even as provisioning came down by a fair margin. The state-run bank had posted a net profit of ₹1,181.66 crore in the corresponding quarter of June 2021. The total income of the bank during the April-June period of 2022-23 rose marginally to ₹11,758.29 crore from ₹11,444.27 crore in the year-ago period.

Torrent Power: Torrent Power on Saturday said it has acquired 100% stake in Wind Two Renergy Private Ltd (WTRPL) for ₹32.51 crore from Inox Green Energy Services. The company has acquired 3,25,10,000 equity shares of WTRPL at a face value of ₹10 each, a BSE filing said.

DLF: Realty major DLF's net debt reduced by 16% during the April-June period to ₹2,259 crore from the previous quarter on the back of strong housing sales. Its net debt stood at ₹2,680 crore at the end of the last fiscal. In an investor presentation, DLF said the company is "committed to further debt reduction in the medium term".

Zee Entertainment: Zee Entertainment on Friday said it has received approval from stock exchanges BSE and NSE for its proposed merger with Sony Pictures Networks India. The proposed merger with Culver Max Entertainment Private Limited (formerly Sony Pictures Networks India) has been approved by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE), said a statement from Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd (ZEEL)

IDFC First Bank: IDFC First Bank on Saturday reported its highest ever net profit of ₹474 crore for the quarter ended June 2022, mainly driven by lower provisioning and higher income. The private sector lender had posted a net loss of ₹630 crore in the year-ago quarter. Sequentially, the net profit rose by 38.2% from ₹343 crore in the March 2022 quarter.

Yes Bank: After trials and tribulations on fundraising that lasted well over three years, Yes Bank on Friday announced that private equity funds Carlyle and Advent International will be investing USD 1.115 billion (around ₹8,900 crore) to fuel its future growth. Both the global PE funds will be acquiring a 10% stake each in the private sector lender, which had to be bailed out in an RBI and government-led reconstruction scheme for want of capital buffers and after the then management failed to sell the bank's story to investors.

Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals: MRPL s looking to expand its network of petrol pumps in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, as it looks to tap markets in the vicinity of its refinery, its chairman has said. MRPL's (Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd) petrol pump network is currently concentrated in Karnataka and Kerala. The subsidiary of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has forayed into fuel retailing in a limited way, focusing on areas that are close to its oil refinery in Mangalore, Karnataka.

ONGC: ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), and Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) are in talks to acquire a stake in Tullow Oil's Lokichar oil field in Kenya. Kenya's Cabinet Secretary in the Ministry of Energy Monica Juma in a tweet confirmed the talks.

Get watch our process Click here Ideal Stock Investment , daily call profit, Market News, Fill Our ask an Expert form

Jana Small Finance Bank (erstwhile Janalakshmi Financial Services Limited) commenced operations as a non-banking finance company (NBFC) on March 4, 2008, and was later classified as a non-banking finance company-microfinance institution (NBFC-MFI). The bank received a licence to set up a small finance bank on April 28, 2017 and commenced banking operations on March 28, 2018. Jana Holdings Limited (JHL), a non-banking finance company-non-operative financial holding company (NBFC-NOFHC), holds a 45.37% stake in JSFB as on February 28, 2019.

JSFB has a diversified presence across 18 states and 2 union territories in India, with a portfolio of Rs.7,164 crore as on November 30, 2018. The share of the top 3 states of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra was about 51% as on November 30, 2018. The bank raised Rs. 1,636 crore equity during FY2018 and Rs.601 crore during 11M FY2019 from existing and new investors.

For H1 FY2019, the bank has reported a net loss of Rs.1,291.8 crore on a managed portfolio of Rs.6,941 crore as on September 30, 2018. In FY2018, JSFB reported a net loss of Rs. 2,503.8 crore on a total managed asset base of Rs. 10,022.4 crore compared to a net profit of Rs. 170.1 crore on a total managed assets base of Rs. 15,730 crore during FY2017.

Credit challenges

Weak recoveries from harder overdue buckets continue to weigh down on asset quality - JSFB’s asset quality has remained weak with 90+ dpd3 at 31.7% (Rs.2,336.4 crore excluding write-off and Rs.3,264.4 crore including write-off) as on December 31, 2018 compared to Rs. 3,270.6 crore4 in March 2018 (Rs. 1,990 crores in March 2017) because of modest collections from the overdue buckets and limited impact of the various recovery programmes.

Outlook: Negative

The Negative outlook factors in the expected weakness in JSFB’ earnings and capital profile going forward. The ratings would be downgraded further if the bank’s recoveries and disbursements remain subdued thereby prolonging any meaningful improvement in its earnings and capitalisation, or if its liquidity profile deteriorates because of the bank’s inability to mobilise adequate external funding or deposits. The outlook would be revised to stable in case of a steady revival in its profitability indicators and improvement in its capital structure.

Mutual fund Holding of JSFB :

Should you invest?

Like any other commercial bank, deposit of up to ₹ 1 lakh is insured by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corp. (DICGC), a subsidiary of RBI. DICGC has a list of insured banks on its website, and as of know, seven of the 10 small finance banks are listed on its website.

“The credit rating practices and mechanism of small finance banks might not be at the same level as that of an older public or private sector bank. So, I would be circumspect about these new age small banks as compared to the older banks, and hence would classify them as somewhat risky.

It’s the economy, stupid. The stock market is down to a two-year low and the pace of fall is bringing back heart-stopping memories of 2008 (remember Lehman and the debacle that followed?). We’re down 12 percent already this year as foreign funds have withdrawn nearly $2 billion. Reasons are a dime a dozen – global gloominess, China jitters, Japan’s interest rates turning negative (yesterday’s trigger), disappointment with lack of progress in Indian reforms (the reason for the bull run in the first place) and worry about Indian company bottom lines. It’s not all bad, as this sounds like a short-term move and things continue to be on track in the long term. Almost all experts will recommend a wait and watch (and buy now, if you can), which is easier said than done. Here's a visual comparison of 2008 and 2016 by Mint newspaper.

*** 

Another cause of the bloodshed in the markets was bank results. Banks declared a sharp spike in their bad loans numbers, which sent investors fleeing. Here are some examples: Big daddy State Bank of India reported bad loans at 5.1 percent from 4.2 percent in the previous quarter. That means the bank also had to set aside more money to provide for those loans. The net results: Profit down 62 percent. Boom! The story is no different for the other banks. But, there’s a catch here. What we’re seeing is not worsening of the situation, but a more accurate reporting of it. So, rather than calling some bad loans as good, keeping your numbers rosy and investors happy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has been pushing banks to “state the problem upfront and deal with it.” This also means the picture will get worse (as the bad loan numbers get clearer) before it gets better. Rajan seems to agree, as he chided “scare mongerers” for the jitters.

***

Following the TRAI decision, Facebook has shut down Free Basics in India. It had tentatively started offering it through its partner Reliance Communications, before TRAI ordered its suspension until it announced its decision.

Wipro continues its acquisition spree, snapping up its fourth buy this year (ending March). This time, it has spent $460 million on a health insurance tech firm, a growing area of business in the US, after Obamacare.

 ***

Cover Image: Heavy security at Bhojshala, a religious shrine that’s being shared by the Hindus and Muslims (who offer their Friday prayers here). Today, a Hindu festival clashes with the Friday prayers, which means – tension on the cards.

Must Reads:

India

On Free Basics:

Other Stuff:

International
Global Daily Pulse: When Black Holes Collide, Zuckerberg Scolds Andreessen, Ending US Imports Made by Slave Labor

Every morning, we'll share the top news from India that professionals need to know. Head over to the comments below if you have thoughts or ideas to share.

Click on the follow button above to not miss one. Follow the India in Business channel here and the Global Daily Pulse channel here. For the best reads, specially picked for you, there's the Editor's Picks channel.

For more news, download the Pulse app. And for even more, follow us on Twitter and Facebook. 

There is a famous saying “Borrowing and Spending Is Not The Way To Prosperity”.If you want to be rich, then borrowing is something you must never do. What about borrowing to invest in the stock market? Investing in good stocks gives youhigh returns in no time. You can pay back the borrowed money and then….The Profits Are All Yours.ButBorrowed money is not free.You have to pay interest on it. So what? The money you make in the stock market,will easily help you pay this interest. It’s the season of the bulls. Yes…It’s a bull market. Any stock you touch is going up. You have….The golden touch. Whatever you touch turns to gold. You are Warren Buffett…George Soros…Benjamin Graham…all combined. How can you ever lose money in the stock markets? It is wise to be cautious in these exciting times. Remember, “Fools rush in where angels fear to tread”. If this was so easy, everybody would be borrowing and investing in stocks. There has to be a catch… Yes, borrowing to invest in stocks could mean falling in a well so deep, there’s just no coming back. Want to know why borrowing to invest in stock markets is so dangerous?

Investing in stocks brings out emotions you never thought you had. Greed….Thrill…Fear….Panic…Despair. How about an interesting story?Anish who was 32 years, worked as a manager in a small factory. He loved his job, but not his salary. He earns a net monthly salary of INR 35,000. Anish was a heavy spender and his salary was never going to be enough.Anish made a resolution…”I want more money…fast. I can’t wait till I am old to enjoy myself”.This is when Anish decided to turn to the stock market, to get out of his misery. But Anish faced a small problem….He had no money to invest in the stock market. This is when a friend gave Anish a suggestion which seemed a great one at that time. Avail a personal loan and invest in stocks.Anish knew that banks would never give him a loan, if he told them he wanted the money, to invest in stocks.Anish also knew he did not have to give any reason to the bank, to avail a personal loan. Banks sanction a personal loan without asking for any reason.Anish availed a personal loan of INR 5 Lakhs at an interest rate of 18% a year. The tenure of the personal loan was 2 years. Anish has to pay an EMI of INR 25,000 a month.Anish invested the INR 5 Lakhs in stocks.

The stock market was enjoying a bull run and almost all stocks were zooming. The INR 5 Lakhs Anish had invested in stocks,was soon heading towards INR 7 Lakhs.Within a year the money Anish had invested in stocks had almost doubled. Anish borrowedmoney from friends to pay the EMI on the personal loan.Anish promised his friends….I will return your money soon. I am making bumper returns in the stock market. After enjoying a bull run for a year, the stock market crashed.Anish was not too worried…He still was in profit. The stock market was steadily falling, but Anish kept telling himself…This is all temporary.The stock market will soon go up. Finally after a big crash in the stock market, Anish was filled with panic.The INR 5 Lakhs he had invested in stocks, was nowworth just a couple of lakhs. This is when he made an even bigger mistake.He sold all his stocks at a heavy loss, instead of waiting for the stock market to rise. He repaid this money to his friends. However Anish had to still pay back some of his friends and he had EMI’s left on the personal loan.Soon Anish fell behind in his EMI repayment. His CIBIL score fell. Worse…His mobile was always ringing. His friends and the bank wanted their money back. Anish had fallen into the loan trap.

Today, loans come in different shapes and sizes.You have to recognize loans for what they are. You love investing in stocks. You are greedy to make more money in stocks. But you do not have the money to invest in stocks? This is when your friendly stock broker offers you margin trading.This is a very common tactic, where the stock broker encourages you to borrow and invest. The stock broker allows you to invest more money than you have in your account.He says…Don’t worry…With margin, you can invest twice the money you have in your account.We will give you the money. You don’t realize it at that time, but this is actually a loan. You have to pay interest on this borrowed amount. Your stock broker hascleverly made you avail a loan. He knows your weakness….GREED. If you make a profit by investing in stocks using the margin (extra money lent to you)…All’s well. You repay the borrowed amount and interest to the stock broker and enjoy your profits. But what happens if you suffer a loss by investing in stocks? Let’s say you had INR 1,00,000 in your account. Your stock broker offers you a margin of INR 1,00,000. This is an extra amount of INR 1,00,000 to invest in stocks. Unfortunately the stock market crashes and your investment is worth only INR 50,000. You are in a mess. You have to repay INR 1,00,000 to your stock broker, along with whatever interest he charges you for the margin facility. You fall into the loan trap.

Borrowing to invest in the stock market is a really bad idea.You lose your own money, No problem..It’s your mistake. You lose someone else’s money, you have a big problem.If you lose your friends money….stockbrokers money…banks money…They will harass you until you pay it back. This can lead you to utter despair.Your family will also suffer for your mistake. Invest in the stock market with your own money after taking care of all your expenses. Invest only what you can afford to lose.

Still wish to borrow and make good use of your borrowed funds! Be wise...Call us. The team of wealth doctors at IndianMoney.com is always there to help and guide you. You can explore this unique Free Advisory Service just by giving a missed call on 022 6181 6111. IndianMoney.com is not a seller of any financial products. We only provide FREE financial advice / education to ensure that you are not mis-guided while buying any kind of financial products.

Read more about this here http://indianmoney.com/how/money-trap---5---borrowing-money-to-invest-in-stocks

On 11th May 2015, in a rare and landmark judgment the honourable judge of Karnataka High Court took  few minutes only to read the judgment  to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa  of all charges after finding that she had not amassed Rs 66.65 crore as earlier alleged by the appealant / decided by the special court in Bengaluru in September 2014 but only a few crores of Rupees. Jayalalithaa’s case relates to the period 1991-96 when she was the chief minister of Tamilnadu.

According to the learned judge Jayalalithaa is eligible for acquittal because she had acquired only 8.12% disproportionate asset over and above her known source of / accounted income.

The key legal principle that the learned judge employed using a precedent to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa was that the accused is eligible for acquittal if the quantum of disproportionate asset is only ‘10%’ over and above the known accounted income. As in the case of Madam Jayalalithaa it is well below the judicial threshold of 10% she was eligible for acquittal.

Source; News Items published elsewhere in newspapers / portals

You must be well familiar with the term EPF popularly called “Employee Provident Fund”. Employees Provident Fund Organization (EPFO), manages the employee provident fund. Out of your salary, an amount of 12% is compulsorily deducted. This amount is contributed to an account in your name, called the employee provident fund. Your employer makes an equal contribution (contributes the same amount as you have contributed), to this account. This account is maintained by the EPFO.

EPF is very important as it helps you save for retirement. A number of our citizens have become crorepathi’s, just by not touching the money in their EPF account, till retirement. Want to know more about investment planning? Just leave a missed call on IndianMoney.com financial education helpline 02261816111 or just post a request on IndianMoney.com website. IndianMoney.com offers Free, Unbiased and on-call financial advice on Insurance, Mutual Funds, Real Estate, Loans, Bank Accounts and Capital markets.

EPFO which manages your money and that of more than 4 Crore subscribers, has called for a meeting on March 30th. In this meeting, EPFO will consider investing 15% of its investable income in the stock market, to give better returns to its subscribers during the next fiscal. EPFO currently invests 5% of its investable income in the stock market. 

You and other subscribers get 8.65% interest a year on your investment in the EPF. EPFO hopes to give you and other subscribers a higher return than 8.65% by investing money in stocks.

The Government is keen to give you and other citizens your own home. Soon, you and other citizens will be able to use up to 90% of your EPF money, for making down payments while buying your own house. Plans are in motion where soon you will be able to withdraw EPF money, for paying home loan EMI’s. There is a clause you need to remember. At least 10 EPF subscribers need to form a group and buy houses/apartments from a builder or get their homes constructed. You and other EPF subscribers can join together and make a deal with the builder, to buy your affordable home.

If you are a subscriber to the EPFO and a member of a housing society which has at least 10 citizen’s who subscribe to the EPF, you can withdraw up to 90% of your EPF fund to buy or construct a house, flat or apartment. 

EPFO invests your money in stocks, only through exchange traded funds (ETF’s). An investment through ETF’s is regarded as quite safe. An exchange traded fund is a mutual fund scheme that tracks an index like BSE Sensex and CNX Nifty. ETF’s can be traded on the stock exchange during market hours, just like stocks. EPFO invests your money in SBI Nifty ETF and SBI Sensex ETF.

EPFO plans to invest around INR 2,800 Crores in the CPSE-ETF (Central Public Sector Enterprises exchange-traded fund), to help the Government’s divestment plans 

You may also Watch: EPF (Employee Provident Fund) - Has Cut Down Interest | EPFO 

The EPFO says “No” to 1 Rupee revenue stamps. EPFO has asked its field officers to make sure, no revenue stamps are affixed on EPF claim forms, if payment is made through National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT).

Some PF exempted establishments still demand that you affix a rupee one revenue stamp on your claim form. EPFO wants to put an end to this.

Retirement fund body EPFO, wants you to get your EPF claim processed really quickly. You can submit your claim form directly with the EPFO. The new composite claim form (a single page form) introduced by the EPFO, does not require employer attestation.

All you need to do is seed your universal account number (UAN) with your bank account and Aadhaar number. You then submit your claim directly with the EPFO, without the need of an attestation by your employer.

The EPF is not an age old Government retirement plan. It’s much more. It invests your money in stocks. Its going digital. EPF has also made many Indian’s crorepathi’s. Be Wise, Get Rich.

Share Market LIVE Updates: Sensex and Nifty opened lower on Wednesday tracking weak global cues. ADB expects India to grow 7.5% in the current fiscal year before picking up to 8% the next year

Indian markets opened lower on Wednesday tracking global markets. Stocks fell globally, while US Treasury yields rose to multi-year highs as investors braced for the possibility of aggressive monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve to fight inflation. Markets also focused on new sanctions by the West against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.

India's services activity rises to 53.6 in March from 51.8 in February

India's services sector expanded at its fastest pace so far this year in March as an easing of Covid-19 restrictions boosted demand, but elevated inflationary pressures clouded business confidence, a private survey showed.

The S&P Global India Services Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 53.6 in March from 51.8 in February.

Fuel prices up ₹10 in 16 days, petrol above ₹105/litre in Delhi

Oil marketing companies raised prices of petrol and diesel by 80 paise a litre each on Wednesday. Petrol is now priced at ₹105.41 a litre in the national capital, while diesel is sold for ₹96.67 a litre.

Tata Consultancy Services down 1.6%

Kansas Department of Labour has selected TCS to build a modern, secure, web-based system for the state's unemployment insurance program. This will help transform a legacy mainframe platform from the 1970s into a cloud-based system that dramatically improves the delivery of services to Kansas residents.

Market view: Sameet Chavan, Chief Analyst-Technical and Derivatives, Angel One

Monday’s spectacular move was followed by a quiet start yesterday morning marginally in the green. However, in the initial trade, small gains just disappeared and then the index slipped into a consolidation mode thereafter. The profit booking extended a bit in the first half and in the process, the Nifty went on to test the 17950 mark. Fortunately, as we stepped into the latter half, the buying resumed recouping all losses. However, towards the fag end, the market became nervous all of a sudden, which resulted in a sharp downtick to slide below morning’s low as well. Eventually, the Nifty ended the session convincingly below 18000 by shedding over half a percent.

The way the market closed in the previous session around the day’s high, we should have ideally opened higher and in fact, was expected to extend the rally. Unfortunately, this didn’t happen; because the major drivers of Monday’s move (banking) saw some decent profit booking. Hence, we could not even surpass Monday’s high of 18114.65. With yesterday’s tail end sharp profit booking, one shouldn’t get carried away as such small profit taking is a part and parcel of the market activity. Going ahead, Monday’s gap area of 17800 – 17700 is likely to provide some cushion for the index and till the time we do not see it closing convincingly below it, there is no reason to worry for.

In fact, if we see any decline towards intraday support of 17900 – 17800, one can think of going long. On the flipside, 18100 has become an immediate hurdle above which we are good to go towards 18350. Despite some nervousness in key indices, the broader market did extremely well. Hence, traders should keep focusing on such potential movers, especially stocks from the cash segment which are providing some excellent trading opportunities.

Gold dips as stronger dollar, yields dent appeal

Gold eased on Wednesday as hawkish comments from U.S. Federal Reserve officials boosted the dollar and Treasury yields to multi-year highs, denting the safe-haven metal's appeal. Spot gold was down 0.2% at $1,920.87 per ounce, while U.S. gold futures fell 0.3% to $1,920.90.

Corporate profiteering to be in focus at GST meet

The ministerial panel led by Karnataka chief minister Basavaraj Bommai working on the restructuring of goods and services tax (GST) rates will examine whether companies passed on rate cuts in the past, before recommending changes to tax slabs.

MGL hikes CNG price by ₹7/kg, domestic PNG price by ₹5/scm 

The city gas utility Mahanagar Gas Ltd has announced a steep hike in the retail price of CNG by ₹7 per kg and domestic PNG by ₹5 per scm to ₹41per scm, effective Wednesdy.

ADB projects India's economy to grow by 7.5% in FY23

Asian Development Bank on Wednesday projected a 7% collective growth for South Asian economies in 2022 with the subregion's largest economy India growing by 7.5% in the current fiscal year before picking up to 8% the next year. 

Crude oil slips on pressure from rising dollar

Oil futures slid on Wednesday, extending losses from the previous day, as a stronger U.S. dollar prompted fresh selling while data showing a build in U.S. crude stocks and Shanghai's extended lockdown fuelled fears of slower demand.

Brent crude futures fell 97 cents, or 0.9%, to $105.67 a barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate futures were down 98 cents, or 1.0%, to $100.98 a barrel at 0029 GMT. Brent fell 0.8% on Tuesday and WTI lost 1.3%.

Centre may expand size of LIC share sale

The government is considering increasing the stake it plans to sell through an initial public offering of state-run Life Insurance Corp. of India (LIC) from 5%, even as the timing of the share sale is being finalized.

While the government can sell as much as 7.5% of LIC, it may decide to sell only between 5.5% and 6.5%, depending on the investor interest, an official aware of the discussions said. The official said that the government will have to file revised share sale documents if it wants to sell more than 7.5%.

Asian stocks slip

Asian share markets slipped on Wednesday as investors weighed the possibility of aggressive monetary tightening by the U.S. Federal Reserve to fight inflation, while focus was also on new Western sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. In early trade in Asia, Japan's Nikkei shed 1.5%, while South Korean shares fell 0.8% and Australian shares lost 1.2%.

Wall Street ends down

US stocks closed lower and bond yields jumped Tuesday as remarks by a Federal Reserve governor fueled expectations that the central bank is prepared to more aggressively raise interest rates and take other steps to tame surging inflation. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 280.7 points, or 0.8%, to 34,641.18, the S&P 500 lost 57.52 points, or 1.26%, to 4,525.12 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 328.39 points, or 2.26%, to 14,204.17.

The Indian Stock Market is largely impacted by tradings in National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), NSE being the largest stock exchange in India, and BSE being the oldest stock exchange in Asia. These two collectively hold the major portion of the total stock exchange transactions. BSE has more than 5000 listed companies and NSE has 2000 listed companies. Studying market patterns and changes in the stock market when studying a particular industry as a whole can be tedious if the analyst has to study each stock individually. As a solution, ‘indexes’ are made by various agencies like S&P Global to help study and analyse market trends that act as a tool, computed from taking weighted average of the selected stocks. Indexes are investable and transparent. They are a reflection of the market behaviour and show day-to-day fluctuations in stock prices. Indexes are formed for categories like industry wise classification, multi-market indexes such as MSCI Asia Pac, MSCI World index, or even style indexes based on the nature or style of the underlying stocks such as Large Cap, Small Cap, Balanced funds etc.

Indexes such as NIFTY 50, Sensex, BSE 500 are computed to measure portfolio performance over various time periods, aiding market technicians in investment decisions, help in beta calculation and portfolio theory studies.

NIFTY 50, an index traded on NSE, covered 62.9% of the free float market capitalization of the stocks listed on NSE as per last year. It is a broad index of NSE, consisting of stocks of the top 50 stocks that cover more than 20 different sectors of the Indian Economy, which provides a kind of exposure to the investors to the majority of the Indian Stock Market. NIFTY 50 is one the most actively traded broad market index, first traded in 1995.

NIFTY 50 goes through reconstitution, that is, it is updated after specific intervals and the constituent not performing or shut down companies are removed off of the list. In simple words, securities not performing as per the standards of the index are replaced.

Companies like HDFC, Bharti Airtel, Cipla, Coal India, Indiabulls housing finance, NTPC limited, ONGC, TATA Steel, Wipro, Yes Bank etc are a part of the Nifty 50 list. There individual performance affects the trends of NIFTY 50 in the proportion or weights of there share in the index.

NIFTY 50 is calculated by taking the base year as 1995 and the initial amount, also called base value, as 1000, on the same lines of sensex which has a base value of 100. Just as the market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the shares outstanding by market price per share, the free float market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the market capitalization by IWF or investable weight factor (a unit of floating stock expressed in terms of a number of shares available for trading and which is not held by the entities having strategic interest in a company). Then the index value is computed by multiplying the base index value that is, 1000, to the ratio of current market value and base market capitalization.

As an example assume 5 companies for NIFTY say ABC, DEF, GHI, MNO and XYZ.

●    Each company has 5000 shares and 3000, 2800, 3600, 2000 and 1800 respectively is the free floating shares or the shares available for trading.

●    Each company has a market price as 20 per share, and base year market capitalization being 10000,

ABC : 60000 (20 x 3000),

DEF : 56000 (20 x 2800)

GHI : 72000 (20 x 3600)

MNO : 40000 (20 x 2000)

XYZ : 36000 (20 x 1800).

Now, Index Value of NIFTY is (264000/10000) x 1000 = 26400 points.

Therefore taking the top 50 companies would result in NIFTY 50. This is how the index value is calculated every millisecond on the NSE.

In 2018, NIFTY recorded quite a number of extreme highs and lows. It started the year at 10532. A major drop of around 250 points was recorded on February 2nd due to global breakdown and the announcement of the Union Budget. The trend remained pretty constant from 10100 to about 10800 throughout the next 5 months. Towards the end of June, there was an uptick in the NIFTY prices and at an increasing rate it entered 11000 mark on July 12th. It recorded an all time high on August 28th at 11760 as it got a lift following an improvement in liquidity in the market on fresh inflows by foreign funds. Strong gains in metal, power, tech healthcare and IT, fertilisers and sugar stocks lifted the key indexes to new highs. The following month was however not so good for the companies. Market prices dropped and the index value took a hit due to the expected threats from US tariffs on Chinese goods and rising dollar prices and turmoil in emerging markets and Italy’s debt issues. September being a downfall month, increased chances for a December hike. As of October 4th, the index fell to around 10170. This fall was majorly due to the all time high increase of Indian Rupee to the dollar, when it reached 73.3 mark, and the oil prices reached up to $86 each. Investors started to lose trust in the market as the price of rupee to dollar increased, it led to sudden fallout/ downward trend in the equity market as investors believed its a loss making investment and they would not be able to recover the losses if it fell further. For example, a investor who purchased foreign exchange at 70 per dollar would recognize a loss of 3 rupee per dollar on 4th October as what all he could purchase for 1 dollar would become more expensive, if any further purchases are made. Assuming further decline, the investor would have to bear more losses. This led to conservatism amongst investors and they booked losses earlier according to there risk aversion levels. Also foreign offloads from the markets were too a big concern. Market trend remained usually between 10350 and 10750 throughout the early winter months.

The end of December and the start of the New Year is expected to push the market to the boom phase yet again. Though with the elections having been scheduled in mid-2019, the market is expected to take a hit. For long term investors it is expected to be cherry on top as those investing in mutual fund markets are to benefit from falling prices due to low priced NAVs and the bond market is expected to reach an all time high.

In the past, the market analysis by various websites shows upward trends before elections. Due to possibility of power shifts and campaigns offering better opportunities for market to grow. Elections 2014 showed a 7500 mark which was a high at that point of time. Although, the recently held Karnataka elections failed to push the market higher after the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) fell short of the majority despite becoming the single-largest party rooting out the previous Congress government. An interesting point to note is the market had been rising during the general elections in past in hope that a stable government will be formed in the era of coalition governments. Now, considering the current political situation, there are high chances that a coalition government will come into power in 2019. This would have a material impact on the movement of markets an year preceding the election date. Studying the market trends and seeing the past trends it is more likely a chance of an increasing in market prices and thus rise in NIFTY 50.

●    “Business News Live, Share Market News - Read Latest Finance News, IPO, Mutual Funds News.” The Economic Times, Economic Times, economictimes.indiatimes.com/.

●    “NSE - National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.” NSE - National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., www.nseindia.com/.

●    “Sana Securities: Financial Advisory, Consulting &amp; Equity Research.” Sanasecurities, www.sanasecurities.com/.

●    “Welcome to Value Research.” PVR Ltd. - Stock Snapshot - Value Research Online, www.valueresearchonline.com/.

India received foreign direct investment (FDI) worth $165 billion in the last two years. These were pandemic years when the world reeled from Covid-19. But even when India was devastated by the second wave, companies from a record 101 nations poured money into 57 sectors in 2021-22.

They were willing to set aside Covid uncertainties to put their money in the India story. In fact, the combined inflows to India during the pandemic years—$81.9 billion in 2020-21 and $83.5 billion in 2021-22— were more than what it mopped up in the first six years of the Manmohan Singh rule (2004-05 to 2009-10) or the first three years of the Narendra Modi regime (2014- 15 to 2016-17).

FDI inflows comprise equity investments, reinvested earnings and other capital. In the recent set of data for 2021-22, which the Reserve Bank of India released last month, Karnataka was the top recipient state with 38% share in FDI equity inflow, followed by Maharashtra (26%) and Delhi (14%). Karnataka received foreign money mainly in sectors such as computer software and hardware, automobile and education.

As the global economic crisis worsens with the Ukraine war, will India be able to keep this going? Will it be able to attract $100 billion FDI in a year? If so, when? GoI has not announced any target so far. Deepak Bagla, MD and CEO of Invest India, argues FDI is not just about money; it is about global acknowledgement and trust. “We can have FDI inflows worth $100 billion annually in 24 to 36 months, provided we have a supporting global ecosystem,” he says.

In addition to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, some other factors contributing to an increasingly unpredictable financial environment are high inflation and interest rates, concerns about an impending recession in some parts of the world, supply chain bottlenecks and shortage of inputs such as semiconductors. “Yet, India’s pace of growth will attract investors. It is the fastest growing large economy in the world,” says Bagla.

Invest India is an investment promotion and facilitation agency under the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade. Bibek Debroy, chairman of the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, argues the number can surpass the $100 billon mark. “In three years from now, annual FDI inflow upwards of $120 billion is plausible,” he says. EVR Ramana Reddy, Karnataka’s additional chief secretary who helms key departments such as commerce, industries and IT, says India should attain the $100 billion FDI mark “very soon”, provided the startup ecosystem remains intact.

“Out of 100 unicorns created in India last year, 40 happened to be from Karnataka. Startups played a key role in our FDI inflows too,” he says. India’s FDI data since 2000-01 reflects a roller-coaster ride, at times witnessing a dramatic rise, for instance a 155% y-o-y jump in 2006-07, and then occasional slips such as a 26% shrinkage in 2012-13. Such swings in data make it difficult for analysts to project future FDI trends. In the last 22 years, gross FDI rose y-o-y in 17 years and fell on five occasions (2002-03, 2003-04, 2009-10, 2010-11, 2012-13).

In the past decade, FDI inflows contracted only once – in 2012-13. Top five contributors to India’s FDI equity inflow for the entire period (2000-22) are Mauritius (27% of the total), Singapore (22%), US (9%), the Netherlands (7%) and Japan (6%). In 2021-22, Singapore was the top investing country, followed by the US and Mauritius. However, India’s net foreign investments, a figure arrived at by subtracting the outflow (Indians buying assets abroad or foreigners selling assets in India), have not been robust particularly during the second year of the pandemic.

Net FDI fell to $39.3 billion in 2021-22 from $44 billion a year ago “due to higher outward FDI by India and repatriation by foreign investors”, according to an RBI bulletin issued last month. With more and more Indian companies buying assets in foreign soil, it is likely that there will be pressure on net FDI in the coming years as well. Net numbers, however, don’t take away from the fact that India has been receiving more foreign money during the pandemic. It’s mainly because most sectors are open for 100% FDI under the automatic route.

An emphasis on ease of doing business plus the recent rounds of reforms in FDI policy in sectors such as insurance, defence, petroleum and telecom have bulked up the kitty. Former Union industry secretary Ajay Dua says it is time for India to aggressively look out for foreign capital in the manufacturing sector by showcasing its production-linked incentive (PLI). “Most of India’s FDIs come via mergers and acquisitions.

We nee d to target more FDI i n fl ow s into greenfield manufactu- ring projects. We must constantly imp r o v e the PLI scheme and use it to attract FDI,” he says. The PLI scheme is believed to be the key reason why FDI in manufacturing went up by 76% in 2021-22.

STATE OF PLAY

While GoI’s policy initiatives were helpful, India’s FDI journey would not have been this remarkable (from $4 billion in 2000-2001 to $83.5 billion in 2021-22), had states not competed with each other to roll out the red carpet for foreign investors. FDI equity inflow from October 2019 to March 2022 shows Maharashtra (27% of total inflow), Karnataka (23%) and Gujarat (19%) were the top FDI recipients.

The other states attracting large FDIs include Delhi, Tamil Nadu, Haryana and Telangana. In 2021-22, 30 states and Union territories received FDIs, including northeastern states like Meghalaya ($1.09 mn) and Nagaland ($0.013 mn). Karnataka’s additional chief secretary Reddy says the state reached out to 1,500 global companies in the last one year, with 400 of them responding positively.

“This targeted approach will continue this year too. In Davos recently, our chief minister (Basavaraj Bommai) held meetings with 25 top CEOs. We instantly received an investment commitment of about `60,000 crore,” he adds. In neighbouring Telangana, about 500 CEOs of companies operating in the state are given the mobile numbers of IT and industries minister KT Rama Rao and principal secretary of industries and IT Jayesh Ranjan. “About 500 CEOs can contact us any day, anytime. If a message is dropped, we respond.

They can settle any issue instantly. The existing investors are our brand ambassadors,” says Ranjan, adding that in the eight years of the state’s existence, Telangana received $35 billion worth of FDI of which 24% was repeat investment. As states fiercely compete with each other to woo foreign investors, multinationals often deploy a smart tactic of negotiating with states simultaneously, creating almost a bidding war.

“True, if a foreign company wants to invest in India but finds another state offering better incentives, we bring in our policy of ‘meet and beat’. Means, we better that offer,” says Ranjan. A healthy race among states to woo foreign capital will help India accelerate the pace of reaching the $100 billion FDI milestone.

‘$120 billion FDI inflow plausible in three years’

By Bibek Debroy, Chairman, Economic Advisory Council to PM

FDI is desirable because it brings technology, efficiency and better management practices, enabling India to become part of the global supply chain. FDI is preferable to imports from other countries because multiplier bene ts occur in India and also because FDI aids exports. Depending on the product, there is both a domestic consumer market, which is increasing, and a cheaper production base for exporting, the last especially important because firms are seeking to diversify from former host destinations. From India’s perspective, financing current account deficits through nondebt-creating in ows like FDI are superior to inflows that create debt.

The government has progressively liberalised FDI entry. Defence, oil refineries, telecom, power exchanges, stock exchanges and insurance are cases in point. (For specific sectors, FEMA rules have been amended.) This is in addition to improving the business climate, which bene ts domestic and foreign investors alike. The numbers speak for themselves. From just over $45 billion in 2014-15, FDI inflows have increased to over $83 billion in 2021- 22. A large chunk of this is in the form of actual equity.

Global rankings show India remains an attractive investment destination and this has been reinforced in the course of the post-Covid recovery. At this rate, three years from now, annual in ow of upwards of $120 billion is plausible. Sectors not only indicate India’s comparative advantage (including that in R&D), but also the desirable outcome of reducing import dependence. Not just computer software, but computer hardware and drugs and pharmaceuticals come to mind. Add to that automobiles, telecom services, financial services, trading and a sector that India emphasises, renewable energy. Bilateral trade and investment agreements, now that WTO is in a bit of a limbo, facilitate FDI inflows and FDI doesn’t always mean inward FDI in ow into India. There is FDI out ow from India too. That’s precisely the reason India has been reviewing existing stock of such regional and bilateral agreements and is in the process of negotiating fresh ones.

For instance, other than Singapore, Mauritius and Cayman Islands, countries such as the US, Netherlands and the UK are major sources of FDI inflows. Quantum and nature of FDI is a function of the source country and the destination. While in an overall sense, the destination is India, FDI actually materialises in specific states and is thus dependent on the investment and business climate of that state.

Most FDI inflows have come into Karnataka, Maharashtra, Delhi, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Haryana. There is, of course, a methodological problem in this, since investments, domestic and foreign, are shown against wherever corporate headquarters are located, not where manufacturing actually takes place. Nevertheless, this vindicates the perception about some states being more attractive destinations than others.

While liberalisation occurs at the level of Union government, many subsequent clearances (land, labour, water, electricity, environment) occur at state level, not to speak of transport and legal infrastructure. The reaction of states will determine whether, three years from now, annual inflows are $120 billion, or considerably higher.

https://m.economictimes.com/news/economy/finance/when-would-fdi-in-india-touch-the-milestone-of-100-billion-a-year/amp_articleshow/92009214.cms

By - Jaskeerat Singh

DAY - 6: CASE STUDY ON VIJAY MALLYA

Today we shall take a look at the life of the Infamous Fraud King of 'Good Times', his business ventures, his success and his downfall.

Early Life:

Vijay Mallya was born on 18th December 1955. He is the son of Vittal Mallya, chairman of the United Breweries Group and Lalitha Ramaiah. He completed his schooling from La Martinere Calcutta and graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce degree (with honours) from St. Xavier's College, Kolkata.

Career Ventures and rise to fame:

The fall of the King of Good Times:

That's all on the Infamous King of Good Times for today.

Will be posting more content on such topics.

Till then STAY UPDATED & STAY SAFE.

Thank You

Jaskeerat Singh

PR TEAM, E-CELL AUR

Wealth Management, Family Office

I have made a whatsapp group -"Stocks, Market N Economy"

Looking for active and knowledgeable contributors/members in the group, for discussing investments Ideas, Market Outlook, and Economic Scenario.
We already have 150+ members in the group, wealth managers, research analysts and active investors.

My belief and Investments Philosophy is :-
Large amounts of money aren't made by buying what everybody likes - they're made by buying what everybody underestimates.
— Howard Marks 

Last 2 years gave us many good multibaggers but that was an exceptional time, arised with crisis. Time is not same always, but i belive Investments Ideas are always there only we need to find it.

My few multi-bagger picks in the last 2 years were -

1-Alok Ind (4 bagger in just 3 months (12-58)
2-CG Power (9 bagger in a year 22-180)
3-HLE Glascoat (10 bagger in a year 700 -7000)
4-Olectra Greentech (8 bagger in a year 100 -800)
5-Reliance Ind PP( 2.5 bagger in 3 months, bought rights renunciation, acquired Partly paid in June 20 in 500 and sold all at 1250 in 2-3 months)
6-ABB Power products -(2.5 bagger in a year)
7-Manorama Ind (2 bagger in a year)
8-Adani Wilmar (2 bagger in 3 months)
9-Suzlon (4 bagger in a year)
10- Jaiprakash Power (4 bagger in 2 years)
11- ISMT (10 Bagger in a 18 month)
12-EKI Energy (4 bagger in just 6 months, 2000 to 8000)

Had losers too like 
Future Retail bought at 120 before RIL deal and sold at 108 after the deal. 
Reliance Infra bought at 40 sold at 22. Though it gained a lot after i switched from it.
Vodafone bought at 11 and sold at 9. 
Fortunately, these deals are lesser.

I know each of us will be having many such multi-baggers, and combined we can enjoy many collectively by sharing and discussing ideas.

Please share your interest of joining whatsapp group.
Also would love to hear from you, your multibaggers.

#wealthmanagement #wealthcreation #wealth #wealthadvisor #wealthmanager #fundmanagement #fundamentalanalysis #equityresearch #Economy #stockmarkets #shares #investments #Investmentsideas #Bonds #Fixedincome #Interestrates #inflation #GDP

(Vice President-II) & ZH at Jana SF Bank

Kindly add 98150-38628 

Deputy Manager (F&A) at IMPCL | Ex-Finance Executive, STPI-New Delhi

Sir Please add: 9911064182

Instrument Supervisor at Dubai Petroleum Onshore operations

What's your view on Borosil Renewables? Do you think KPR Mills can be next Page Industries? 

Fund Manager at Pantomath Sabrimala AIF

Pl add me - 9971195789

Associate Vice President at Anand Rathi Financial Services Limited

Plz add 7021901847

Business Development HNI Desk

Pls add 9820563146

Chartered Accountant | CPA Aspirant |

Add me 7695869854

Head of Treasury and Banking Operations.

Please add me 9731820665

Senior Relationship Manager in Healthcare Finance Division

Please add me too.. My number 9908373330 

Global Goodwill Ambassador

MY WIFE DOES NOT WORK !!!

Conversation between a Husband (H) and a Psychologist (P):
P: What do u do for a living Mr. Bandy?
H: I work as an Accountant in a Bank.
P: your Wife ?
H: She doesn't work, She's only a housewife.
P: Who makes breakfast for your family in the morning?
H: My Wife, because she doesn't work.
P: At what time does your wife wake up for making breakfast?
H: She wakes up at around 5am because she cleans the house first before making breakfast.
P: How do your kids go to school?
H: My wife takes them to school, because she doesn't work.
P: After taking ur kids to school, what does she do?
H: She goes to the market, then goes back home for cooking and laundry. You know she doesn't work.
P: In the evening, after you go back home from office, what do you do?
H: Takes a rest because I’m tired due to all day's work.
P: What does your wife do then?
H: She prepares meals, serving our kids, preparing meals for me and cleaning the dishes, cleaning the house then taking kids bed.
***Whom do you think works more from the story above???
The daily routines of your wives commence from early morning to late night and you called that DOESN'T WORK?
Yes, being housewives do not need certificate of Study, even high position, but their role/part is very important!
Appreciate your wives because their sacrifices are uncountable, this should be a reminder and reflection for all of us to understand and appreciate each others roles.
***All about a woman***
A very heart touching message by a
woman.
Someone asked her, Are you a working woman or a housewife?
She replied:
Yes, I am a full-time
working housewife.
I work 24 hours a day.
I'm a Mum.
I'm a Wife.
I'm a Daughter.
I'm a Daughter-in-law.
I'm an Alarm clock.
I'm a Cook.
I'm a Maid.
I'm a Teacher.
I'm a Waiter.
I'm a Nanny.
I'm a Nurse.
I'm a Handyman.
I'm a Security officer.
I'm a Counselor.
I'm a Comforter.
I don't get holidays.
I don't get sick leave.
I don't get day off.
I work through day and night.
I'm on call all hours and get paid with a
sentence.
***What Do you do all Day??
***Dedicated to all women***
Woman has the most unique character like salt, her presence is never remembered but her absence makes all the things tasteless.
Pass it to all the lovely ladies...
Your Mother.
Your Wife.
Your daughter.
Your sister and your friend.
Share to every woman to make her smile and to every man to make him realize a woman's worth.

Corporate Leader / Happiness Coach / Visiting Professor / National Manager - Direct Sales Sharp | 21000+ Followers

Technology Vs. Gujarati Brains..
Lovely Talk by Mukesh Ambani Sir...
Worth Your Two Minutes...

4,713 followers

Dr. #RajneeshGwala tied a #dog with his car & dragged for 5 KMs resulting in multiple fractures on dog's legs & reportedly couldn't breathe properly
Place: Shastri Nagar, #Jodhpur
Requesting stringent action from with all your support against the doc. Please share if you care
Source: Dog Home Foundation, Jodhpur
.
.
#jodhpur #doghomefoundation #animalcruelty #animalwelfare #awbi 
.
.
Source @doghomefoundation
.
.
#peepoye #abkuchnahichupega

Sure Shot - How to make money in stock market

Follow every step written below, without any mistake

*Run screener on Nifty 500 stocks on various parameters 

*Shortlist the top 20 companies 

*Do fundamental analysis on them. and shortlist 10 

*Do technical analysis on them.

Last but most important, final step

*Buy Adani stocks 🤍

Disclosure: This is not a recomendation of buying selling Adani stocks, pls do your own due dilligence.
This is only to learn, how to find stock for buying. Equity Research.
I am not holding any Adani stock.

 #stocks #stockmarket #technicalanalysis #wealth #wealthcreation #wealthmanagement #equityresearch 

AXIS BANK - Misguiding
They write on their website that any account holder can get changed/updated their mobile no. at any nearest branch.
Screen shot of Axisbank.com website is given below.

https://lnkd.in/d5S-zRfV'

Just now i visited my nearest Axis Bank Branch in Noida Sector  1 Branch, and they returned me back saying only home branch can change mobile no. In fact there is no logic of this as now we are fully digitalised.
But if it is so, why Axis Bank website is troubling their account holders, saying any nearest branch can do change/update.

Planning to close account with AXIS BANK and shift to HDFC Bank.

#axisbank Amitabh Chaudhry Rajiv Anand Rakesh Bhojnagarwala Kanwalbir Singh Amit Labroo Rakesh Langer Parveen Dhamija Nehha Bothra Girish Khurana Geeta A.

वैसे इस पोस्ट को देख कर शायद बहुत लोग कहेंगे की linkedin इस तरह की पोस्ट के लिए नही, फिर भी मैं पोस्ट कर रहा हूं, क्योंकि linkedin शायद ऐसे बच्चों और पैरेंट्स से भरा हुआ है।🙏🙏

देख तेरे संसार की हालत क्या हो गई भगवान,
कितना बदल गया इंसान 🥺😥😭

पिता का समाज व पुत्रों के नाम पत्र...

लखनऊ के एक उच्चवर्गीय बूढ़े पिता ने अपने पुत्रों के नाम एक चिट्ठी लिखकर खुद को गोली मार ली। 
चिट्टी क्यों लिखी और क्या लिखा। यह जानने से पहले संक्षेप में चिट्टी लिखने की पृष्ठभूमि जान लेना जरूरी है। 

पिता सेना में कर्नल के पद से रिटार्यड हुए । वे लखनऊ के एक पॉश कॉलोनी में अपनी पत्नी के साथ रहते थे। उनके दो बेटे थे। जो सुदूर अमेरिका में रहते थे। यहां यह बताने की जरूरत नहीं है कि माता-पिता ने अपने लाड़लों को पालने में कोई कोर कसर नहीं रखी। बच्चे सफलता की सीढ़िंया चढते गए। पढ़-लिखकर इतने योग्य हो गए कि दुनिया की सबसे नामी-गिरामी कार्पोरेट कंपनी में उनको नौकरी मिल गई। संयोग से दोनों भाई एक ही देश में,लेकिन अलग-अलग अपने परिवार के साथ रहते थे। 

एक दिन अचानक पिता ने रूंआसे गले से बेटों को खबर दी। बेटे! तुम्हारी मां अब इस दुनिया में नहीं रही । पिता अपनी पत्नी की मिट्टी के साथ बेटों के आने का इंतजार करते रहे। एक दिन बाद छोटा बेटा आया, जिसका घर का नाम चिंटू था। 

पिता ने पूछा चिंटू! मुन्ना क्यों नहीं आया। मुन्ना यानी बड़ा बेटा।पिता ने कहा कि उसे फोन मिला, पहली उडान से आये। 

धर्मानुसार बडे बेटे का आना सोच वृद्व फौजी ने जिद सी पकड़ ली। 

छोटे बेटे के मुंह से एक सच निकल पड़ा। उसने पिता से कहा कि मुन्ना भईया ने कहा कि, "मां की मौत में तुम चले जाओ। पिता जी मरेंगे, तो मैं चला जाऊंगा।"

कर्नल साहब (पिता) कमरे के अंदर गए। खुद को कई बार संभाला फिर उन्होंने  चंद पंक्तियो का एक पत्र लिखा। जो इस प्रकार था- 

प्रिय बेटो
         मैंने और तुम्हारी मां ने बहुत सारे अरमानों के साथ तुम लोगों को पाला-पोसा। दुनिया के सारे सुख दिए। देश-दुनिया के बेहतरीन जगहों पर शिक्षा दी। जब तुम्हारी मां अंतिम सांस ले रही थी, तो मैं उसके पास था।वह मरते समय तुम दोनों का चेहरा एक बार देखना चाहती थी और तुम दोनों को बाहों में भर कर चूमना चाहती थी। तुम लोग उसके लिए वही मासूम मुन्ना और चिंटू थे। उसकी मौत के बात उसकी लाश के पास तुम लोगों का इंतजार करने लिए मैं था। मेरा मन कर रहा था कि काश तुम लोग मुझे ढांढस बधाने के लिए मेरे पास होते। मेरी मौत के बाद मेरी लाश के पास तुम लोगों का इंतजार करने के लिए कोई नहीं होगा। सबसे बड़ी बात यह कि मैं नहीं चाहता कि मेरी लाश निपटाने के लिए तुम्हारे बड़े भाई को आना पड़े। इसलिए सबसे अच्छा यह है कि अपनी मां के साथ मुझे भी निपटाकर ही जाओ। मुझे जीने का कोई हक नहीं क्योंकि जिस समाज ने मुझे जीवन भर धन के साथ सम्मान भी दिया, मैंने समाज को असभ्य नागरिक दिये। हाँ अच्छा रहा कि हम अमरीका जाकर नहीं बसे, सच्चाई दब जाती। 

मेरी अंतिम इच्छा है कि मेरे मैडल तथा फोटो बटालियन को लौटाए जाए तथा घर का पैसा नौकरों में बाटा जाऐ। जमापूँजी आधी वृद्ध सेवा केन्द्र में तथा आधी सैनिक कल्याण में दी जाऐ।
                                                                                    तुम्हारा पिता                               
कमरे से ठांय की आवाज आई। कर्नल साहब ने खुद को गोली मार ली।
आज हर मां बाप डरते हैं अपने बच्चो को इस लायक बनाने में, फिर भी वो बनाते हैं, क्योंकि वो नही चाहते उनका बच्चा किसी से कम हो।

A7 (Adani 7 shares) vs K10 (Ketan Parekh 10 shares 1999-2000) - A lot similar

But as per some news market rumour A and K are partners now, so it can be said AK7 which can become AK47 on crash

Adani group companies' heavy loans are not the only problem, companies' valuation in the stock market has been manipulated heavily and right now valuation is at least 15-20 times higher, see the valuation of these companies as below:
Company                    Price,       PE,     EV,           Price in March 20
Adani Green Energy   2354      750    4.24 Lac crs    123
Adani Enterprises        3347     393    4.19 Lac Crs    128
Adani Total Gas           3531     770     3.89 Lac Crs    88.50
Adani Transmission     3881     462    4.62 Lac Crs     177.40
Total                                                   16.94 Lac Crs

We dont know what transformation took place in these companies business so that These companies share prices jumped over 20 times from March 20 Price in 2.50 Years only.
Do you feel valuation of these companies are genuine and justified on any valuation model ? 

Is it not manipulated?

In fact in my view these companies valuation should have been a maximum 5 -10% of current valuation means 85000-1.70 Lac Crs. Just think if all is gas and on burst prices come back to March 20 levels.
Like 
Adani Total Gas from 3500 to 88.
Adani Trans. from 3800 to 177
Adani Enterprise from 3300 to 128
Adani Green from 2400 to 123.
uffff 🥺😒😥

So crisis from debt portion can come only 2.5-3 Lac Crs but on share price front this crisis can be around 15-16 Lac Crs. (Equal to total GST collection in a year)
History says nothing can stay long if is not usual or normal and manipulated, so time will come 100% sure, only its matter of fact when will come.
One more question comes in my mind.
To manipulate share prices of 15-17 lac crore company atleast they need lacs of crores, where from he get that money?

Disclosure: Above post is not recommending buy or sale of any shares mentioned above. I do not hold any shares mentioned above. This post is only for knowledge and discussion purposes, seeing the high valuation of above mentioned companies.

A known, experienced over 12 years as Senior Dealer with share broking firm, looking for job. 
He is Noida based.
If anyone can help him get the job, pls post.

 # #job #help #noida #lookingforjob #dealer #stockmarket #sharemarket #delhincr #sharebrokers #sharebroking

An IAS, Secretary of India, Dr. EAS Sarma education in economics, written a letter to RBI governer, indicating high loans given by PSU Bank to Adani group to take cognigence before it goes bad debt and public money in PSU banks goes into default.

इंतहा हो गई, इंतजार की।
आयेगा कब पैसा, मेरे अकाउंट में ।।
😂😂😂😂😂
हमारी सरकार, ईमानदार सरकार।।
जस्ट पोस्टेड, याद रखने के लिए,
पैसा आएगा, मेरे अकाउंट में पैसा आएगा।।

14,053 followers

Managing Director, Wealth Management -Financial Advisor - Morgan Stanley

Preparing your portfolio for a rainy day is critical to meeting your financial goals. Let’s talk about how I can help. https://mgstn.ly/3O1ZgXp

US equities decline following the FOMC's decision to raise rates 75-basis-points. Read more in the 1% Move report:

The Fed’s fight against inflation looks far from over. Is your portfolio prepared? Let’s discuss ways to help you navigate what’s ahead.

Climate change is now an economic reality and is seen as a growing risk for investors, corporations and governments. If you are seeking a more resilient and lower carbon future, while pursuing your financial goals, we have investment options to consider. Learn more.

Equity markets trade lower ahead of tomorrow's highly anticipated FOMC meeting. Read more in the 1% Move report:

A key strategy for boosting long-term returns—which may not necessarily add risk—is being smart about tax efficiency. Here’s how.

From startup to IPO and beyond, discover how Morgan Stanley at Work can help you simplify and streamline equity plan management with this guide.

S&P 500 declines on Thursday as 2-year Treasury rates rise to highest level since 2007. Read more in the 1% Move report:

As you approach retirement, consider shifting from growth to preservation. Watch to learn more steps you can take to plan for your retirement goals. https://mgstn.ly/3prV49o

You’ve done well managing your own investments so far. Imagine what we could do together? Here are five reasons to set up time with me today. https://mgstn.ly/3zWmJFF

Scammers can be very convincing, especially when pretending to offer tech support. Here are some tips to help you detect their deceptive tactics.

3,649 followers

Over and over again lack of accurate documentation and its timely retrieval has been raised as a significant problem in the functioning of the the police force in India. The CCTNS Project (Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems) was a mission mode project of Government of India which was conceived in the year 2008 in the aftermath of 2008 Mumbai Attacks. The project was allotted Rs.2000 crores which envisaged networking of all Police Stations in the country with creation and deployment of a software for the conduct of core police functions. Thus, resulting in a national database which would be dynamic in nature and would provide a satisfactory answer to the quick response to the information required on crime and criminals. Karnataka is one of four Advanced States for the CCTNS project.

Despite an early reluctance to adopt computers by law enforcement agencies as a whole, police departments now find themselves tasked to maintain officer competencies in both law enforcement and computer applications. Without any doubt, Software Applications are helping in prevention & detection of crime, data oriented predictive policing and for maintenance of law and order.

In this digital era, technology is ever evolving and is becoming powerful and useful day by day. After only about a decade, smartphone technology is so successful that it has become a powerful portable computer in everyone’s hand. Besides making phone calls, nearly all smartphones today have capabilities to process data, connect to devices, natively provide directions through GPS, take pictures, communicate data over internet securely etc., And we at Capulus Technologies are making it much smarter with our intelligent apps and increasing the productivity of users by multiple folds.

Modern day criminal activities are giving rise to the never-ending demand for the Police Modernization. After all, police should be one step ahead of the criminals. Adopting the modern technologies is the only way forward.

The MCCTNS Application is developed in a Modular Structure and Scalability in mind. Working closely with the Police Department and backed with years of extensive research since 2015, over the years we have come up with several modules and some of which have been already implemented in Karnataka State and being used officers all across the state. The Application was launched by the Chief Minister of Karnataka.

Here in this article, let me brief about some of the modules of MCCTNS:

(Obviously not that American Crime Drama TV Series! But, both deals with finding criminals :D ) Person of Interest module provides smart-phone based access to the criminal database and an extensive search functionality backed with A.I which can be utilized by officers anytime, anywhere. The criminal data in app are categorized based on several heads and completely in sync with CCTNS.

Complete criminal profile and criminal history of a person along with photo can be accessed from the app, along with Court Case and Prison Details. At any point of time, an officer can search any criminal by name, alias, crime number, address/place, father’s name etc., The same centralized criminal database or let’s call it the P.O.I database can be integrated with Automatic Fingerprint Identification and Face Recognition modules.

This instant dissemination of information for officers on ground will increase the productivity of the officers and also helps in apprehending criminals in a much faster way.

Crime Mapping and analysis module provides a smart and efficient way for the officers to perform Crime Mapping directly from the spot of crime. This helps in populating crime activities database mapped with exact GPS location of crime and crime scene photos. Police Department will get a bird’s eye view of crime hotspots on a geographical map and can get full understanding of what’s happening in the city/district. Officers can view all crime mappings in the jurisdiction in their smartphone itself, quickly search for various crimes and most important of all perform statistical and geographic analysis based on this data.

The application captures the raw data of crime mappings and displays analytics by using machine learning techniques to discover insights, find new patterns and discover relationships. A geographical-map of crimes is generated which gives a bird’s eye view of crimes and also identifies crime hotspots. Analytics such as of particular crime type across time, crime trend in a particular jurisdiction, overall crime ratio etc. are generated in the app itself. This helps in Predictive Policing by analyzing patterns and trends which is vital in taking further steps in crime prevention.

Crime mapping and analysis helps Police Department to make better decisions, formulate strategies and target resources. This gives officers the ability to share actionable intelligence across jurisdiction and perform Crime Forecasting, Predictive Policing and Geographic Profiling. This in-turn brings Information-led policing and Problem-Oriented policing concepts to practice.

Arrest co-ordination module helps officers to co-ordinate arrests across jurisdiction. Let’s consider a criminal has several cases registered on him across multiple police stations. Someday, he gets arrested in some place and brought to a police station. Now, the problem is other police stations / officers doesn’t know that the wanted person is arrested somewhere. Our app fills the gap in co-ordination here! Whenever a wanted criminal is arrested in any of the police stations, the officer notifies arrest using app. As soon as the officer notifies that a person is arrested in his station, all other officers will get an instant notification in their phone along with the photo and crime details of the arrested person. If the arrested person is wanted in some other case of the recipient officer, they will coordinate with each other and proceed with investigation.

The notification of arrest information solves the problem of missing coordination between the jurisdictions when a criminal is wanted in multiple cases and in multiple jurisdictions.

Vehicle Crime Search module enables officers to instantly access the Crime and Case details of a particular vehicle instantly in their mobile phone. Officer enters the vehicle registration number or engine number or chassis number of the suspected vehicle in the app, the app instantly throws the crime details and case history along with all known details of the vehicle if it was part of any crime. This helps the officer to speed up the investigation process as the officer will get the required information instantly in-time.

This module helps officers to access, search, compare and get notified about UDR and Missing cases. All officers can instantly access UDR and Missing persons database in their phone itself. They will also get cloud based Push Notifications about any registered UDRs or missing persons whenever the case is registered in any police stations of their unit. Push notifications with photo and details of UDR or missing person will be automatically sent to officers’ phone. The app also provides an A.I based extensive search functionality on the whole state database based on various parameters of missing or dead person.

This instant dissemination of information on UDR and Missing persons help officers to solve the corresponding cases faster and keeps officers well informed about such cases in their vicinity.

This module can have a separate article on it’s own. I will link the article here, once it is available. This module helps to instantly perform fingerprint identification of any person to check whether he is present in criminal database. The module acts as the mobile app client for the Automatic Fingerprint Identification System if already present or it can have its own AFIS Server at the backend. The app will communicate with external portable fingerprint scanner connected to the mobile phone and provides an interface to scan the fingerprint of the person being investigated.

Then, the app will securely communicate the captured fingerprint to the central biometric gateway through APIs and sends it to AFIS. AFIS performs the fingerprint identification on the whole database and gets the result. If the application finds a Positive ID, fingerprint result will be linked to the criminal’s demographic details present in Person of Interest module and complete criminal profile is instantly displayed in the officer’s phone.

We are integrating several other futuristic modules into the application soon! To meet the challenges of the coming decades it is essential to have a police force which is up-to-date with ICT. This will build the confidence of the public that the police force is effective and can serve the community efficiently. It will help bring more offences and offenders to justice through a modern and efficient process. And as mentioned in my previous post, not only does technology promise to improve police effectiveness and efficiency in controlling crime, it may also enhance their professional status and organizational legitimacy.

Chapter 1

A meeting of minds.

After breakfast at 7 am everyday I have five hours of free time before lunch, and I decided to make use of this daily interval for writing. I am a free bird during this time, not bothered by the officialdom surrounding my current place of residence. I decided to write down my story mainly to keep myself occupied doing something other than lament my fate, as a practical diversion from re-reading my books collection or replaying those fateful events in my recent life. If you have guessed by now that I am in some sort of prison somewhere, doing time for my misadventures you are only partially right. About being in a jail, I mean. I am now lodged in the famous Arthur Road prison in Mumbai in the midway point of serving a five year sentence for abetting fraud and misappropriation of funds. About culpability and my own role in the entire multi billion dollar caper, all I request is that you hold your judgment till you hear the whole story from my point of view. Who knows, you might gain some perspectives about the motivations of a man with solid professional background to do things completely alien to his upbringing and professional training. So, hang in there, will you, till I complete this story?

The logical place to begin is to tell you something about myself. I am a first-class chartered accountant, articled from a big four accounting firm. No, I was not a gold medallist in my batch, and that was only because the examiners were too staid and traditional with no imagination to appreciate the creative answers that stood out of my answer sheets. As you can see I don’t suffer from any lack of self confidence right through my career. For nearly twenty years after my CA I worked in a proper multinational company gradually inching up to the level of Chief Accountant. The thing about being an accountant in an MNC is that the manoeuvrability in doing any sort of creative accounting is severely curtailed, if you follow what I mean. Corporate Finance Manuals are everything in these companies, and as an accountant you can violate them only on pain of dismissal. Coming from a family of serious professionals, I had absolutely no problem being on the straight and narrow, but work life at this mid-way point seemed to be unchallenging and hence unexciting. Ten more years of the same routine, I was sure that I would end up as the finance director of the company. Somehow that prospect was not appealing, even boring, to a relatively young, fortyish man, who I became by that time.

While I was in this state of semi-satisfied professional existence, I got a call from a head hunter suggesting that I meet the chairman of a well-known Indian company. ‘These people are looking for a CFO who will sit on their board and direct the entire accounting and finance function’ she was trying to oversell the job. At that time, for a man from an MNC background many Indian companies appeared somewhat less than perfect, downright dubious even, however big and well-known. Suppressing my skepticism about the company and out of curiosity I agreed to meet the chairman for a meeting at his residence in Bangalore on a Sunday morning.

That was how I found myself in the spacious library cum office of the chairman’s bungalow in Upper Palace Orchards. I was well ahead of time, and a South Indian version of butler seated me in the library; waving away his offer of coffee I started looking around the library. It was a large sunlit room with a tall ceiling, and all four walls of the room stacked with books from floor to ceiling; there was even a movable ladder along the walls to reach books on the top shelves. At one end of the room there was a desk-top PC which presumably contained the catalogue of books stored there, several thousands in my quick estimate, to help locate any title or author. All shelves were neatly labelled, all books numbered in the Dewey system, all very professionally done. Someone displaying a show-off home library was a new experience for me, in all my encounters with many movers and shakers of the industry. As you have probably made out by now, I was a confirmed cynic who could not believe that the chairman would have read many of these books on display in his library. I pulled down some books from several shelves at random for a quick inspection, and you must believe me when I tell you that all of them were neatly underlined in the right places, proof of a diligent reader accessing them frequently. In the section marked ‘American Literature’ I could see Ernest Hemingway nestling cheek by jowl with other American greats like Steinbeck, Mark Twain and even that incurable sex addict, Philip Roth. Since I had time on my hands I pulled out Hemingway’s ‘The Sun Also Rises’ written in that tight economic prose which made him famous. 

I was seated on the sofa leafing through the pages of old man Ernest. The door clicked open and a tall, bespectacled man in a simple white bush shirt entered the room. Seeing the book on my hand, the chairman said without any preamble ’Oh, I see that you are already acquainted with Hemingway; what do you think of his writings?’ Faced with an open ended question I responded, ‘Hemingway’s lean and athletic prose is all very well, but not all his books have stood the test of time. For example, his Nobel prize winning ‘The old man and the sea’ is a difficult read, and I struggled with it for weeks’ I said it more to provoke the chairman than any serious conviction about Hemingway’s writing. I do that a lot according my wife, Gowri, needlessly irking people. Predictably it started the chairman off on a long discourse about Hemingway’s writing style, ‘Look, Hemingway himself called his style Iceberg theory: facts float above water; but the supporting structure and symbolism operate out of sight’. I must tell you I was deeply impressed with my first moolakat with the chairman; anyone who could effortlessly reel off phrases like iceberg theory had that kind of sway over me.

‘I am Gopal Sastry and you may call me Gopu’ the chairman was introducing himself with a disarming charm. ‘Govindarajan Achar is rather mouthful, I will therefore call you Govind if it is okay with you’ he continued his charm offensive. We then briefly went through the typical professional interview routine, touching upon my background, career path with its highlights and stumbles, rounding off with my personal family details. Finally he came to the question that I was very much waiting for, ‘So what do you think of our company and its financials, Govind?’ As you have assessed by now, I am no slouch when it came to professional matters. I had done my homework for this meeting. Only a couple of days earlier before coming to Bangalore I spent a few hours analysing their numbers on the internet, and I gave a sharp bullet point version of my assessment, ‘Though the company’s gross margin numbers compare favourably well with your competitors’ performance, there seem to be some unusually difficult short term funding issues. Secondly there are many higher than normal indirect expenses like office rentals, overseas travel and sales commissions which need a closer analysis’. Gopu was looking at me with a bemused smile as if I was dealing with mere trifles when really serious and more urgent matters were waiting.

Lunch time rolled around by then, and the chairman took me in his car to a well known but moderately priced Chinese place for lunch. If you must know, it was a well maintained older W124 model of Mercedes. Over Hakka noodles and chop suey Gopu became more expansive about his plans for the company. ‘You know, Govind, the time is right for creating an Indian version of GE or IBM; at this time our company along with a couple of others in our industry are well positioned to take advantage of the global interest in Indian talent. If you ask me, my only ambition is to make our company a global leader and everything else in my life is secondary’, he said it with much conviction. In the dim restaurant lighting his eyes sparkled with genuine ambition, and I believe he truly believed his vision himself. Like every practical executive I have a finely tuned bullshit detector for top bosses bloviating without restraint, and even I couldn’t detect anything amiss about Gopu’s open declarations about his plans for the company.

That lunch opened my eyes to two other facets of the man. Though he came from a wealthy landowning family from the Cauvery river basin in Karnataka and went to school in a small town American university, he had a strange and unexplained admiration for famous college names and brand name qualifications, typical of a middle class upbringing. You could easily fool him, I thought, if you were from IIT, IIM or Stanford and Harvard for that matter. Such was Gopu’s fascination with elite qualifications. Second and a more important characteristics I noted about him was his strange vulnerability about his own place in the commercial universe. Halfway through lunch while he was expanding on his early days as a businessman he narrated his feelings as a small timer, ‘I must tell you, Govind, once I was returning home from a project site in Cuttack. I was on the top berth of the train’s AC two-tier coach leafing through Fortune and Businessweek magazines. Looking at the pictures of IBM vice presidents, I thought to myself if I would ever deal with senior people from big MNCs like IBM and GE on an equal basis. Fifteen years on, thanks to my company and the work of my team members, I am able to meet the CEOs of such companies one on one’. When I heard him speak these words I sat in stupefied silence for a few minutes. In all my managerial experience, which by then was considerable, no senior man at the top management level in a professional company would ever admit to any such vulnerability or lack of confidence on their part. Having seen by then several preening and self regarding top executives, my respect for Gopu as a decent human being shot up at that moment.

As lunch was winding down, Gopal Sastry came to the point of our meeting. ‘You see, Govind, I am needing a top financial brain to support me in my ambitions to build a top international company from India. From what I have seen so far, you seem to have the right attitude for the task, your critical views on Hemingway notwithstanding. The only question you have to answer for yourself is whether you are flexible enough as a practical professional for this role in our set up.’

As the car was speeding towards the airport, I came away with a complex set of emotions about Gopal Sastry, the man. ‘Here is a simple looking man endowed with intellectual curiosity, and a subtle thinking process. He wears his money and power very lightly, and displays a strong middle class value system. Where he is going wrong is in his unquestioning worship of elite educational qualifications, probably he had not met enough empty suits from IIT/IIM or even Harvard/Stanford. By the way, what did he mean by being flexible, does it mean what I think it means?’

Chapter 2

Stepping on a downward slope

I didn’t realise it at that time, but that interesting meeting with Gopal Sastry in Bangalore was the beginning of my several tempting and eventually fatal encounters with my own Mephistopheles thereafter. As a first step I decided to take up the offer of Gopu to be his CFO, to act as a sort of Dr.No in finance and accounting. After careful thought, and knowing full well that being ‘flexible’ in the financial context meant displaying extraordinary culinary talent in dealing with financial books, I was ready for something dramatically different from the staid and narrow financial environment then prevailing in MNCs. Of course I had enough financial and other incentives to move to Gopal Sastry’s outfit: for one thing, I had more than doubled my salary, I would sit on the board of a NYSE listed company and would have unquestioned powers to deal with all financial matters. I would no longer be restrained by boring finance manuals on what I can do. If anything, I would be the one creating these manuals.The only person who was skeptical about the whole move was, as it usually happens, my wife who could not believe that a grandson of a Vedic scholar from Srirangam temple would knowingly enter into a situation which can at best be described as dodgy. She extracted a promise from me that I would not be personally involved in anything shadowy in the company, and not personally gain from any financial adventure that Gopal Sastry and company were engineering. ‘Not to worry, my dear Gowri, my mother didn’t raise any dumb children; I will be more than careful’ I blithely assured my wife before boarding the flight to Bangalore. As it turned out, it was only the second part of my deal with Gowri that I kept, but that is running ahead of the story.

The first three months on the CFO job were really interesting, particularly for a man coming from an accounting manual oriented environment. There were financial irregularities galore wherever you turned. Kickbacks from suppliers and service providers, inflated rental values on dozens of high end corporate premises, unwanted international travel, international consulting companies milking the company: you could find all of them and many more, all presumably funnelling money back into the promoters’ account. In addition, the controls on operational aspects of the company were pathetic: sales chaps were bringing orders for less than it cost to deliver them, the delivery system had no semblance of accounting for efforts vis a vis the target prices to be reached. If you have a suspicious mind, as my wife always accuses me of having, you can always spot such financial irregularities with one quick glance. The entire company was crawling with people who were gaming the system in several different ways, and claiming that somehow they were depositing the proceeds in the promoters’ accounts. Unbelievable, but that was what I found there. However, I kept my own counsel about these matters for the time being. ‘If Gopu wants to tolerate such leakages from the company he himself owns substantially, it is his outlook’. Further I finally understood the real meaning of the enigmatic smile that crossed his face when I first met him and talked about the company’s financials. Obviously he could not suppress his amusement at anyone taking the company’s numbers seriously, given all these leakages.

I waited patiently for the right opportunity to talk to the chairman. By then I had clear ideas, some of them very uncharacteristic and devious, on how to meet his need for funds which could not be easily traced. The opportunity came in Europe with both of us seated in the first class coach of the Tunnel shuttle, speeding from London towards Brussels. Away from the office environment with well manicured French countryside flashing by, I had three hours to make my pitch. To the chairman’s credit he was sitting with knitted brows absorbing what I had to say about the company and I gave it to him straight. ‘Gopu, you must know that our entire financial system is riddled with leakage in far too many places, to be kept discreet. Simply great many people are involved at many levels, and you wouldn’t know who is doing things on their own account instead of on your behest. Secondly, this pernicious ‘anything goes’ culture has permeated into the operational aspects of the company, costing us a lot in operational inefficiencies’. The chairman asked, ‘I am not in disagreement with you, Govind, but what do you now advise me to do?’ Given a direct opening like that I eagerly expanded on my proposals, ‘the first thing we must do, Gopu, is to get rid of this sickening kick back percentages culture. At every point in our transactions. We must believe and act like a clean company in all our dealings, and must be seen as such by the outside world. We must stop the present nonsense of hundreds of people doing stupid things. And while we are at it, we must implement the operational excellence framework, so that people in sales and delivery are made to operate within tightly defined performance parameters. We must implement proper information systems, review processes, tight budgeting principles, the whole enchilada’.

That amused smile which I am getting used to a lot nowadays once again crossed the chairman’s face. ‘All well and good, Govind, but tell me how will I get funds outside the company to implement my ambitious programmes, if we don’t generate them from our operations?’ I was fully ready for this question. ‘I have a plan, Gopu, for getting funds for your ambitions, but it would involve setting up parallel operations. The plan goes like this. I suggest we set up three independent boiler room operations each of which would generate financial transactions outside the company, but using the company’s system infrastructure. This plan is devious, certainly illegal, most probably criminal, but it can be done very discreetly with only a handful of trusted people involved’. A serious look of surprise came upon the chairman, as if he could not believe that an MNC financewala would come up with ideas on financial short cuts which were borderline illegal, no, delete the borderline part. 

I went on further elaborating these schemes in greater detail. ‘Boiler Room number 1 will be generating bogus invoices on non existent customers, booking sales and accounts receivables as entries; BR1 would complete the entire cycle of such fake sales on a quarterly basis mixing it up with actual receipts and actual sales. If we keep these fake revenues to about 5 or maximum 10% of real sales, we would be able to balance these entries convincingly’ . The chairman wanted to learn more, ‘what about the other two boiler rooms?’. Egged on like this I continued, ‘BR2 will deal with fake payroll, adding on 5 to 10% of our new intake of employees to our payroll costs; it would credit these fake employee accounts and later take away these funds on a monthly basis. And finally coming to boiler room number 3, it would be generating additional equity shares under our ESOP scheme, again about 5-10% over the real ESOP volumes, in favour of unnamed beneficiaries.’ Gopal Sastry was smitten with the elegance and neatness of these three boiler room schemes, ‘For one thing, taken together they can generate enough funds for my future plans; and they are so discreet, we will only need a handful of trusted people. I know already who I should tap for these operations. What will be your role in it, Govind?’

‘That is the beauty of this scheme, Gopu. Neither you, nor me for that matter, would be directly involved in any of these boiler room operations. We both stay away from them as far as possible and our finger prints would be nowhere to be found. You will go about expanding your business plans and I would be busy cleaning up the financial systems in our regular set up.’ I gave him my most reassuring smile. For the next one hour or so we were trying to pick holes in my boiler room schemes, doing risk mitigation in the language of management types. ‘As long as we stay within limits, closer to 5% than 10% of the numbers we are trying to manipulate, and the whole thing is kept between a handful of people, we can run this system for a long time. But remember, Gopu, if you exceed the ten percent limit, we will be found out in no time at all, the edifice would collapse and that would be personally catastrophic for both of us’

At this time you would be forgiven for thinking ‘This Govind chap, for all his professional sophistication, is bit of a shit. Here he is the grandson of a Vedic scholar from Srirangam giving ideas to a crooked businessman on how to cook his books of accounts. What has got into him?’ I had good reasons for doing what I did, and you have to be patient till you reach the end of this story before you come to any judgement about me.

Before the train reached Brussels Midi station, the chairman thoroughly understood whatever I was proposing, boiler rooms and all, and enthusiastically endorsed the whole thing. We both agreed that we would initiate the new approach the moment we went back home to Bangalore the following week.

Chapter 3.

The fall following a spectacular rise.

For ten years after our train ride to Brussels, we were on a roll. I mean the company, its chairman and even your humble narrator. The company beat all performance parameters, quarter on quarter, and its stock was riding high on the stock exchange, both NSE and NYSE and everywhere else our stock was traded. I was smiling inwardly, telling myself that a five or ten percent boost in sales numbers with no costs attached would work wonders for any company. Our chairman Gopal Sastry was the darling of the CEO community all over the world, quickly becoming a champion of the corporate governance movement. Gopu was basking in the adulation of chattering classes in the business world, appearing on the cover of glossy magazines here and spouting wisdom from the TV screens there. He was in his element those day, as a regular inhabitant of the Davos crowd rubbing shoulders with top bankers, finance ministers and tech tycoons. I had never seen him happier. It all goes to show that in the present day business world, if you can speak in full and complete sentences, you can hold total sway over many people, no matter what scams you are pulling underneath.

What about poor little me, you may well ask. I became the quintessential clean up artist inside the company, getting rid of that disgusting kick back culture of the earlier era. To his credit, Gopu never once interfered in whatever I did to the bring the company’s processes and systems to an outstanding international standard. My monthly review meetings with the sales and operating teams became the stuff of internal corporate lore, when every last item of non-performance completely exposed. Sure, I fired a number of people who were cooking up their performance data, or padding expenses or otherwise engaged in suspicious transactions. The company’s operations soon became the epitome of good professional practices. The professional in me enjoyed a quiet pride in turning around the real part of the company into an efficient, performing machine.

In all this tamasha, I followed two unvarying rules. One, I kept a very low public profile and stayed out of the limelight. I mean completely. Not for me the fawning write-ups in the business press and glowing accounts of my business prowess. I declined all requests for press interviews and spurned all kinds of idiotic awards like the ‘CFO of the year’. The only time the public saw me was during the quarterly video calls with investment analysts, where people noticed my direct and sharp answers to their queries. Articles about me, if they appeared at all, always included phrases like, ‘publicity shy and low profile’. The second rule which I never broke was to keep a safe distance from the boiler room operations, and not to have anything to do with how they operated which can be traced back to me personally. I knew Gopu had appointed a crooked accountant to run these boiler rooms, working independent of each other under his guidance, all strictly oral and nothing written down. All I had to do was the consolidation thing: to add the results of their efforts every quarter to the company’s financial numbers and massage the whole thing a bit. Other than adding the fake sales and payroll numbers to the sales revenue, accounts receivable and bank balance accounts I had nothing to with boiler rooms at all. Even those entries I made sure that some innocent junior accountant would do these transactions, without raising undue doubts.

All good things come to an end sometime or the other. Even well conceived scams, however conceptually elegant they might be. After ten years of good run, I might even say great run, I could sense that our chairman was becoming greedy for more power and recognition. He was beginning to step far and wide, much beyond his financial ability to initiate big projects. He began a big play for construction and infrastructure projects, which needed a lot of upfront equity investment, funds which he did not have. Therefore, much against my specific advice, he turned up the volume of these boiler room operations. From the ten percent limit which I emphatically told him to stick to, he was moving the needle to 15, 18 and even 20% of the genuine transaction values. The resulting accounting entries were going all over the place, and any moderately competent investment analyst could spot something was going wrong with our cash positions against reported sales. One night I confronted the chairman at his residence on this very matter, ‘I know what you are doing, Gopu, and it is not going to end well. Already analysts are asking me why we are delaying payments to suppliers and service providers, while we show large bank balances. It is just a matter of time before people find out about the boiler rooms’. The chairman was visibly perturbed about the potential impact of his over reach, said ‘So what would you advise me to do?’ I swallowed hard before responding to him, ‘Look, Gopu, it is not going to be easy, but we don’t have many options at this stage. First we must shut down all these boiler room operations right away and hide their tracks. I will begin to clean up their effects in our books, which process will take me about six months. You will have to pony up the funds to clear the bank accounts, since we have to undo all the fake transactions in our bank balances. And we must of course come out of all these fancy new projects you have undertaken recently’. As he was watching me silently absorbing all this news, I gave him the final blow ‘While we are at it we must also find a way to sell our company off to an international outfit; some months back people from GE and IBM were making a tentative approach to me along these lines. I can approach them to assess their interest’. This was a serious body blow to the chairman who had invested his entire personality and every bit of his existence in his company, and there was no way he was going to part with it. Like some people who become maniacally optimistic when pushed into a tight corner, he began to see the bright side, ‘I think you are over reacting to the 20% numbers, Govind. At the most a couple of quarters, and we will pull through as we are, riding out this blip. So hold your horses, man, and keep cool’. I disagreed with him on the spot, and repeated my advice about winding down the boiler rooms right away.

In the event we did not have six months, perhaps not even two months, before things hotted up. One night around one am I got a call on my mobile phone. I was surprised to see it was from our chairman. ‘Govind, I am downstairs in the lobby of your apartment. Why don’t you come down so we can talk?’ I hurriedly put on my trousers and shirt and rushed downstairs. I was struck by the pitiful sight of the patrician figure of Gopal Sastry looking haggard and stressed out; it was evident that he was in some serious mental turmoil. Instead of taking his car where his driver could hear us talk, I insisted on driving my car with him seated next to me. For the next couple of hours we drove around aimlessly in the quiet streets of nighttime Bangalore. And talked. Boy, did we talk. The chairman updated me with the latest. The company’s bankers and auditors had initiated a criminal complaint against the company in the past twenty-four hours and the enforcement directorate was beginning a serious investigation of the company, its chairman and CFO in that order. He was completely flustered. ‘What is to be done now, Govind? How do we handle this matter?’ I was dreading this very moment ever since I learnt about the chairman exceeding the safe limits of ten percent, but this was not the time to point it out to him. I tried to calm him down while hiding my own apprehensions, ‘There is no way to ‘handle’ the Enforcement Directorate, Gopu, as you charmingly put it. They are a law unto themselves. We have no good options now. You just have to deny everything, saying you have no personal knowledge of the activities going on underneath. You have to brazen it out, Gopu, and it would take a lot of mental stamina. And one more thing. You should blame the whole thing on the CFO, that is myself; on all accounting matters, you can truthfully say you did not concern yourself with the details and the CFO did’. The chairman who was expecting me to distance myself from the whole matter was rather surprised. ‘If I blame everything on you, man, you will be in serious trouble. What will you do?’. I gave him what I thought was my most reassuring and confident smile, ‘You can watch me in action, Gopu. This is the very moment I have been preparing for the past one year or so, ever since you amped up the numbers to 20%. I have my own plan, and don’t worry, it does not involve implicating you in any way’

In those possibly final moments of my employment in the company, our roles were reversed. Now it was me giving instructions to the chairman, ‘Go home, Gopu, and pack a duffel bag with comfortable clothes, shaving kit, medicines, books and walking shoes. That is all you will need for the next few months if not years. Have no further contacts with the boiler room chaps, and the man who ran them. I hope you have not written any mails to them nor signed on any document from them. Most important, do not answer or initiate any telephone calls on your land line and mobile numbers; assume they are all bugged in nine different ways. Finally this is a serious, Gopu, and the next few months will test every bit of your resolve to save yourself. Self preservation is the only goal now for both of us. You are on your own here, keep that in mind.’

That was the last time I saw Gopal Sastry, the chairman of the erstwhile aspiring global conglomerate. Even though I myself was in a serious legal trouble mostly due to his over extending ambition, I was genuinely ambivalent about what to think of the man. All his learnings from the books in his lovely library, Hemingway’s iceberg theory and all, did not teach him not to step outside practical limits. As you can imagine, I didn’t spend much more time thinking about him that night. I had my own fish to fry, as they say.

Chapter 4.

The final fade out.

I was arrested one midnight not many days after my night time drive with the chairman. It was a classic KGB inspired manoeuvre: the sleuths swoop in after 1 am, quickly show you some hastily signed documentation and drag you away in front your screaming wife in the police Sumo van. When they came to take me, the ED chaps were flummoxed to see me ready, packed duffel bag and all, and no screaming wife in sight. That was so, since I had alerted Gowri in the previous six months to the possibility of my arrest. Considering how efficiently I was arrested, what followed was very anti-climactic. Neither me, nor, I suspect, the chairman were clearly told exactly for what crimes we were being arrested. Vague and indefinite allegations were made about swindling the company by creating false sales records, cheating the shareholders by inflating company’s profits and in general playing fast and loose with the company’s accounts. We were lodged in different prisons for interrogation in detention which I believe is the official term. I could not say how well the chairman was bearing up with his changed accommodation. My training in my early life with hostels and campsites kicked in, and I didn’t mind very much the bad food and poor sanitary conditions.

In all this confusion, the news media went to town doing what they do best, namely indulge in speculation without any foundation of facts. Overnight, the chairman was transformed from a former corporate governance guru to a diabolical charlatan sucking the blood of honest shareholders. Gopal Sastry’s fancy watch collection and his past utterances in Davos were mockingly featured, confirming to me that there was no real news to go around. There were also some dark reports about yours truly, saying ‘how Govind Achar had fooled everyone by his smart repartees in analysts conferences, with brilliant display of fake numbers on his fingertips’. In the eyes of the press, I became a Dr.No of finance, giving these devious ideas to the chairman.

In the meantime, I had my own problems with the sleuths from the Enforcement Directorate to deal with. I stopped them when they started questioning me in Hindi, since many of them were from the heartland. My competence in Hindi was limited to a few choice swear words, and I didn’t think they were in a mood to listen to them. That was how I was landed with Vimal Kumar Fialoke, a senior deputy director in charge of investigations. Fialoke was a competent interrogator very fluent in English and only moderately fluent in modern accounting practices, thus giving me a slight edge. However, he was a consummate professional with a subtle and beguiling interrogation technique, lulling his prey into complacency before pouncing on him at the first sign of any lapse. Fialoke and I went at each other for about fifteen sessions each lasting about ten to twelve hours; halfway through this process, it was becoming clear to me that Fialoke did not have much concrete matter he could confront me with on fraud. He waved a lot of papers at me: auditors’ statements, bankers deposit receipts, even copies of fake invoices asking me how I explained them. In such cases I would explain in a greatly exaggerated calm tone of voice, ‘These documents are well and good, Fialoke saab, but tell me where is my signature in any of them? What is your proof that I was personally initiating any of these frauds?’ To his credit, Fialoke remained silent when confronted with questions about my direct involvement. I was hoping it was the same case with the chairman and his interrogators.

By then it was nearing two years after my arrest and no charge sheets had been filed against me, or the chairman for that matter. From what I could piece together the ED had tracked down about 80% of the false invoices and 20% of the fake payroll operations, and the biggest surprise of all, they had no clue about the dummy ESOPs we gave to the chairman and his family. There simply was no trace of Boiler Room number three, god bless its creators and operators. When I came to that conclusion, my respect for the man who ran the boiler room operations shot up. Srinivas Kolluri is the man to go to if you ever needed a crooked accountant; I initially thought Kolluri was an oily character but he had outwitted the entire government’s investigation machinery by hiding his tracks effectively. While the crimes of false invoices and payroll had been traced with good documentation, the ED simply could not establish a direct link either to me or the chairman, to prove we were the ones to green light these crimes. 

When I became sure of my ground on these facts, I decided to amp up the matter from my side. I threw a fit when Fialoke came to interrogate me for the nth time. ‘Look here, mister. I have been put in this dungeon for the past two years, with all my bank accounts and assets frozen. You are yet to show me a shred of evidence that I actually signed off or acquiesced in these fraudulent schemes. I demand a hearing in front of a judge in the appropriate court of law. Till that happens I will refuse to meet you nor participate in any more of your silly fishing expeditions’

Either as a result of my tantrums, or the increasing political pressure on the ED to close all outstanding cases, I got my day in court. I was ready for it and in fact made a production number of my court room appearance. I made sure that Gowri sat in the front row, along with my son and daughter, a solid display of my middle class origins if ever there was one. Then I made a point of representing myself in my own case, dispensing with any high powered legal help. Likewise I declined the offer of getting freshly laundered clothes for my court appearance, preferring to be in my prison garb since I didn’t care one way or other about how I looked. When my turn came I rose up slowly and started speaking in a clear voice. ‘Respected judges, you must wonder why I am representing myself without the aid of a lawyer in this complex case. The fact of the matter is that as a middle class professional, I simply cannot afford any lawyer with all my life’s savings and assets frozen by the ED. But then it is not a complicated defence for me, and I can adequately defend myself from the flimsiest kind of evidence presented against me.’ After this initial salvo I continued in the same vein ‘Conceding, without admitting, that false revenue records and fake payroll may have been created in the company, there is no single slip of paper, email or conference call records to show that I as the CFO or indeed my boss as the chairman were directly implicated in any of these heinous schemes. I submit to you gentlemen that we are just innocent bystanders, just as shocked as everyone here.’ I went on driving home the same no-proof defence for some more time.

Then I changed tack and directed the court’s attention towards myself. ‘What this case has done, gentlemen, apart from falsely accusing me, it has destroyed my entire professional standing. Before all this happened the financial information systems and the rigorous review processes we had set up in the company were the envy of all top companies. Now two years on, this unjustified accusations on the CFO have impugned the very man who wrought the entire edifice from first principles. For the last two years, the only reason the company has been able to withstand all kinds of turmoil swirling about its reputation, is the solid financial and operating system we put in place in my time’

By that time I was soaring and ready for the final, solid blow. ‘Finally, gentlemen, I urge you to ask the most important question of all. Assuming, without admitting to any of these crimes, what did I gain from this multi billion dollar caper? Just for a moment, reflect on what motivates a middle class man to commit financial crimes. ED’s team here would tell you that they had turned over all my bank accounts, assets, apartment ownership and every last bit of kit and caboodle. My total net worth is in single digit crores, all in India, and perfectly reasonable for a man who held top finance positions for the past twenty years. A pitiful amount for a top crook, you will admit. What is the point of engineering a billion dollar crime if you cannot grab a tiny sliver of its proceeds? It is clear that I had no financial motivation to guide, advise or indeed engineer a crime of this magnitude. The illogic of the ED’s position on this very point escapes me’ I sat down slowly winding up my discourse. I looked at my wife, Gowri, who was giving me a sharp look. Then and there she realised that I had kept my promise about not taking a paisa out of the company’s doubtful transactions.

It would have been nice to say that my dramatic court appearance that day altered the course of the case. That would not be true and I will come to that in a bit. What really changed that day by my somewhat overblown histrionics in the court was the public perception of me. Thanks to mobile phone audio recordings and the commentaries of several lawyers gathered in court that day, I became an overnight press sensation. From a Dr.No type of evil doer, I was beginning to be seen as good guy caught in bad circumstances. The central argument that I personally gained nothing out of the whole deal appealed to the nation’s executive class which was brought upon the WIFM factor. What Is In It For Me, is always a reliable way to identify motivation.

I might have thought I had pulled a good court room stunt, the Indian version of Ralph Richardson in Witness for the Prosecution, but the court remained unconvinced. Anyway, just as I had expected, nothing changed in the case. It wound down to its somewhat predictable end with me getting a five year sentence, with time already served being counted. Gopal Sastry, poor chap, got seven years besides getting stripped of his company’s ownership. I believe he had a series of health setbacks while in prison and was frequently hospitalised. In my case, I kept myself reasonably busy writing this narrative and helping my fellow inmates with their petitions and appeals for clemency. 

I came out of Arthur Road prison three and half years after the night I was arrested, a free man this time.

Chapter 5.

Following the law, an alternate point of view

Strictly speaking, the story should have ended in the last chapter with me coming out of jail, allowing the reader to make what they want out of the characters and their motivation to do what they did.  But then, it would not satisfy some of you who care to know how we justified our ‘fraudulent’ actions to ourselves, and hence this chapter. I will keep it brief, I promise.

The first question most people ask me is why I did not cut a deal with the ED, giving evidence against the chairman, thereby saving myself from going to prison. I could have easily done that, by giving some juicy bits of information to the ED and getting out of the whole ruckus. But then, it would have been a demeaning thing to do, insulting behaviour for a pompous guy like me. Remember, who was the prince among men who first planted all these fancy boiler room ideas in the chairman’s head? That would be me, no questions. Furthermore, I genuinely did not want to harm anyone who did not harm me in any way, the chairman included. I so hate this modern tendency of wanting to get ahead in life by trampling upon others.

Even discounting the soft corner I had for Gopal Sastry, I did not believe the chairman did all these fraudulent schemes to make money for himself. I told you already his lifestyle was rather simple, sturdy old car, middle class values and all. Unlike other business tycoons, he did not buy himself multiple residences abroad, nor spend time cavorting with fancy movie stars. His only indulgences were his fancy watch collection and an ever-expanding library, not very expensive hobbies if you really looked at it. The entire proceeds of these infamous boiler room operations went into building up the company, in terms of skills, facilities and yes a great international reputation. None of it would come cheap, you should know that. Consider these facts, if you doubt me. When the fraud was found out, the company had reported a top line revenue of US dollars 3 Billion. Assuming 20% of the reported revenue were bogus numbers, it was still a 2.4 billion dollar company in real money. Now tell me, in the recent times how many Indian companies had achieved 2 billion dollar revenue in an internationally competitive business? Not many. If you must know, when the our company was sold as a result of all this drama, the people who bought it had clocked up an annual revenue of just 200 million dollars on their own steam. A mouse swallowing an elephant, that is what it was. Now take all these facts into the mix and ask yourself this question: was it wrong for a man from a traditional farming family in the Cauvery basin, to bend a few rules so that he can build a top performing company with global reputation? I am sure you will arrive at a different conclusion this time. Furthermore, you have to give him some credit for staying home, and facing the music in India. He didn’t run away and hide in London or the Bahamas, till things cooled down at home.

Having said all that, my personal view is that the chairman had made two critical mistakes in his approach. The first one is that he exceeded the ten percent limit, due to a combination of greed, ambition and some darkly hinted at political pressure. Had he strictly stayed within the limits laid down by me, who knows we would still be cranking out our schemes happily. The second mistake? He got caught, man, and that was a fatal error. Every successful crook knows that rule about not getting caught.

Even today, many of my friends tell me that I should have stayed in the MNC culture and not ventured outside. At least you would not have gone to prison, they tell me. The only response I have for them is that they do not know how the real environment operates in these companies. For an ambitious professional, in his mid career, who wants to achieve things without the confining influences of procedures, these limitations could be stifling.

Finally, was it right for me and for that matter the chairman, to cook our books and show false results to the investing community? Now let me warn you not to drag my grandfather from Srirangam into this discussion, as he had nothing to do with it. Frankly I am getting a bit fed up about this comparison with this Vedic Scholar stuff. I have a decent explanation for the whole thing, and this is how it goes. All laws in the world, relating to commerce, business and perhaps even social conventions, were made by people who had succeeded in their lives. Some of these successful people, no, make it most of these people, achieved their success by violating these very principles in the first place. And once they reached the top, they went around creating road blocks for others to succeed, in the form of these rules and regulations. If you don’t believe me you can look up the history of stock exchange rules and their governing structures. You will find the biggest and shadiest of inside traders at the top. Put another way, if you are a straight and law abiding player in business or commerce, sticking to closely defined regulatory paths, you can never achieve any degree of phenomenal success. Exactly that was the goal the regulatory environment was designed to achieve, that is to keep down the unwashed, the common man, and in this case corporate players without pedigree and connections. People like the chairman, and to a limited extent myself, have known about these philosophical limitations of prevailing laws, and try from time to time to break away from them, not always successfully. 

Paraphrasing what Antony Hopkins said in one of his movies, ‘what one man has done before, another man can also do’. Coming to our present context, the governance structures with their rules and regulations on commerce and business are only man-made, and not some god-given edicts. Who is to say they are the only right things to follow, and all others are wrong? That is all I am saying.

September 19, 2021.

Preparing your portfolio for a rainy day is critical to meeting your financial goals. Let’s talk about how I can help. https://mgstn.ly/3O1ZgXp
        

US equities decline following the FOMC's decision to raise rates 75-basis-points. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

The Fed’s fight against inflation looks far from over. Is your portfolio prepared? Let’s discuss ways to help you navigate what’s ahead.
        

Climate change is now an economic reality and is seen as a growing risk for investors, corporations and governments. If you are seeking a more resilient and lower carbon future, while pursuing your financial goals, we have investment options to consider. Learn more.
        

Equity markets trade lower ahead of tomorrow's highly anticipated FOMC meeting. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

A key strategy for boosting long-term returns—which may not necessarily add risk—is being smart about tax efficiency. Here’s how.
        

From startup to IPO and beyond, discover how Morgan Stanley at Work can help you simplify and streamline equity plan management with this guide.
        

S&P 500 declines on Thursday as 2-year Treasury rates rise to highest level since 2007. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

As you approach retirement, consider shifting from growth to preservation. Watch to learn more steps you can take to plan for your retirement goals. https://mgstn.ly/3prV49o
        

You’ve done well managing your own investments so far. Imagine what we could do together? Here are five reasons to set up time with me today. https://mgstn.ly/3zWmJFF
        

Scammers can be very convincing, especially when pretending to offer tech support. Here are some tips to help you detect their deceptive tactics.
        

