Stock Market: A Persistent Leader https://buff.ly/2vQPWll Ashish Chauhan BSE

Stock Market Live Updates: Nifty below 17,700, Sensex declines 300 points as market falls over half percent
#StockMarket #Nifty #Live

A sector wise analysis on the stock market

Best Small Cap Stock For Long-term
Follow Stock Market Singahi
#Smallcapstock #Smallcap #Stock #Burgerking #Keiindustries #Granules #Mtartech #Esab #Whirlpool #Bestsmallcap #Investment #Finance #Sharemarket #MutualFund #StockMarketSingahi

Kick start your stock market training online with Sharekhan Classroom!
Register now to make sure you don't miss out!
- https://bit.ly/3cZ0ce9
#SharekhanClassroom #TradeTiger #SharekhanKar

Kick start your stock market training online with Sharekhan Classroom!
Register now to make sure you don't miss out!
- https://bit.ly/32X4r6k
#SharekhanClassroom #StockMarket #SharekhanApp #SharekhanKar

"The stock market is always there. It has been there for centuries, and it lives longer than anyone of us here. Therefore, don’t rush and trade all your capital like there is no tomorrow.” — Benjamin Lee
Stock trading is not completely known to everyone. Some people invest all their money in one stock and later regret it. This is because they don't have the proper knowledge.
BSEIndia provides you valuable information about stock trading which will help you invest your money better.
BSE Institute is a 100% subsidiary of #BSEIndia, the world's largest stock exchange. It provides over 150 different courses, helping students to boost their careers and be better investors.
Visit: https://bit.ly/2ZIJ4lZ
bsebti.com
bsevarsity.com
#BSE #stockmarkets #markets #finance #financialmarkets #mutualfunds #shares #BSEInstitute #BSEvarsity #stockmarket

Solutions for:

From the course: Understanding Capital Markets

- [Instructor] Have you ever wondered how much you should expect to earn in the US stock market and if you should be investing outside the US as well? These questions are common for investors. And they relate to a key idea in active markets. How much can you earn from your investments? In the historical sense, the US stock markets and bond market returns have varied widely over time. In some years, the stock market's up 20 or 30% or even more. And other years, it's down 40%. But on average, US stock returns, or equity returns as they're sometimes called, have averaged roughly 11% since 1928. Now that's a pretty good rate of return. But it hides an important fact. Returns fluctuate a lot. A one or two percent per day move is common. But the markets frequently fall at a sharper rate than they rise. So while gains might be averaging, say one percent per month for the first nine months of a year like 2018, they could…

*Price may change based on profile and billing country information entered during Sign In or Registration

- [Narrator] How often do stocks do poorly? The answer is quite often, despite what you might think. A recent research study by Hank Bessembinder at the University of Arizona asked the question, do stocks outperform Treasury bills? Treasury bills, often called T-bills, are just short term bonds that mature in less than a year and they're issued or sold by the US Treasury. Basically, people buy Treasury bills as a way to earn just a very small return on their cash with no risk. It's pretty close to the equivalent of putting your money into a savings account. Traditionally, T-bills have very low returns. Often times in recent years, it's been less than 2%. Now, what Bessembinder shows is that basically about half of stocks do not outperform Treasury bills. About half the stocks in your portfolio will be break-even investments or they're even going to lose money in a given year. Think about that. So if half of stocks lose…

- If you're going to invest, you need to be familiar with the different stock-market indices, ranging from the Dow to the Russell 2000, how they're calculated and what they represent to the market overall. So I'm here on CNBC.com and this screen just shows us a couple of important stock indices. In particular, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which represents 30 large cap companies that are representative of the US economy as a whole and the NASDAQ 100 which represents an index tracking the NASDAQ, that tech-heavy stock exchange. Now as we can see if we scroll through the Dow 30 list, there's a number of names on here you might be familiar with. American Express, Apple, Boeing, Cisco, Exxon, Home Depot, etc. These are large companies that are chosen because they represent the overall economy. This group, this bucket of 30 stocks, gets lumped together under the name the Dow Jones Industrial Average, or simply the…

From the course: Behavioral Finance Foundations

- [Instructor] Stock market anomalies are a great opportunity to potentially increase the return on your investments. These anomalies are basically just traits of certain types of stocks, like valuation and size that consistently produce returns greater than what we'd expect given their risk. Now these anomalies don't fit with what we call the Efficient Market Hypothesis. The Efficient Market Hypothesis basically says that investors can't consistently outperform just a basic buy and hold strategy. In other words, holding a diversified portfolio of common stocks is the best you can do. The only way to increase your return is to take more risk. The EMH says that any research you do is pointless. You're wasting your time watching CNBC. In other words, throwing darts to select stocks would be just about as effective. In fact, there's an old experiment done with this using a dart board and monkeys. They put stocks up on a dart board and had monkeys throw darts at the board. Now, the monkeys' stock picks, if you can call it that, were then compared against the stock picks of professional investors. Well, the good news is that the professional investors didn't lose to the monkeys. The bad news is they didn't really beat the monkeys either. So the Efficient Market Hypothesis simply says that a lot of your research is a waste of time. But turns out the Efficient Market Hypothesis is actually not all that accurate. The Efficient Market Hypothesis can't explain market anomalies. For instance, what we observe is anomalies like in the month of January, stocks outperform compared to the month of February. This is called the January effect. For no particularly good reason, simply because it's the month of January, stock returns historically are much higher than they are in February. That doesn't seem like it fits with the Efficient Market Hypothesis, right? And, in fact, there's a variety of other anomalies out there that don't fit with the EMH either. For instance, the price to earnings effect or the size effect. Stocks that have a relatively low PE ratio tend to outperform those, on average, that have a high PE ratio. Small stocks outperform large stocks, on average. And dozens of other anomalies exist. All these anomalies point to a similar conclusion. Investors may be able to beat the performance of the broader stock market by using publicly available information if they can capitalize on these anomalies. There's a variety of anomalies out there, including momentum effects, post-earnings announcement drift anomalies, or the PEAD anomaly, and many others. Often times anomalies are best captured using algorithmic trading. If you're interested in learning more about algorithmic trading, check out my algorithmic trading courses here on LinkedIn Learning to learn more. So the take away from all these anomalies is simply this, investors may be able to beat stock performance benchmarks using publicly available information if they can capture and capitalize on these behavioral anomalies. Start thinking about whether you want to try to capitalize on these in your portfolio, or if you prefer a simpler buy and hold strategy.

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

From the course: Finance Foundations

- Now that we know what a stock is and what a bond is, let's talk about stock markets and bond markets. A stock market or stock exchange is just a place either physical or virtual where people can come together and trade stocks. For example, the New York Stock Exchange started back in 1792 under a sycamore tree in New York on Wall Street where people who owned stocks or people who represented those who owned stocks could get together and trade those stocks. A stock exchange. An example of a virtual exchange is the NASDAQ, started in 1971 as just a computer system where people could post up the fact I own some stocks and I want to sell them or I want to buy some stocks. It was a virtual meeting place. The largest stock market in the world is the New York Stock Exchange and the second largest stock market in the world is the NASDAQ which started this trend towards more virtual stock markets. Most stock markets now are not physical meeting places. Most stock trading happens virtually through computers but it all started back in 1792 under a sycamore tree on Wall Street. Now here are some unsettling questions to consider. Are stock markets just places for people to gamble? Is there any social value to a stock market? Well, let me illustrate the social value of a stock market using something with which we're all familiar, buying a car. Let's say you're going to buy a brand new car for $30,000. After five years, this car can be sold as a used car for $15,000 but does the existence of this used car market impact me when I'm originally thinking of buying the new car? Do I care that there's a used car market out there? Yeah, I do because I know if I buy the car now, if I get tired of this car after a year or two or five, I'll be able to sell it to somebody else. The existence of the used car market makes it more likely that I'll buy the new car because I can get rid of it at some time in the future if I want to. This helps the new car dealer sell new cars because buyers are more willing to buy new cars knowing that they won't be stuck with them forever. You can think of a stock market as just a place to sell used shares of stock. The shares were originally issued to shareholders and now those shares are traded on the used share market. Just as with new cars and used cars, the existence of a stock market makes shareholders more wiling to invest and buy shares in the first place. Shareholders think okay, I'll invest in this company because if I decide I don't want to be an owner in this company anymore and I want to take my money somewhere else, I can sell my shares in the used share market. This is part of the social value of a stock market. The existence of the stock market makes it more likely that people will invest in stocks in the first place.

Learn the most in-demand business, tech and creative skills from industry experts.

This is the second in a series of article on Asia's stock markets, the results of research for a book on Asia's stock markets that will be published later in September 2021.

A few weeks ago you were able to read about the world first IPO and the first trading of stocks in the world's first purpose build stock exchange.

That first stock exchange, the world's first, opened on August 1, 1611 in Amsterdam. It consisted of a covered stone passage around a large rectangular courtyard where commodities were traded, each in their own designated location. Trading in stocks took place by one of the pillars at the back of the exchange.

The world first stock exchange in Amsterdam. Shares were traded at the back off the inner court.

Source: Wikimedia Commons

This novel idea of trading shares spread around the globe and soon, London soon overtook its Amsterdam counterpart as the world most powerful financial centre. And on 8 March 1817, the Americans joined and opened the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).

Then, it was Asia’s turn. The regions first stock exchange opened in Mumbai in 1875. In the years before that, Indian stockbrokers traditionally met under shady banyan trees in front of the town hall and later at the junction of Meadows Street. But as the number of stockbrokers rose and the streets became congested with agitated traders, they were asked to move moved to Dalal Street, or Broker Street, a name that became synonymous with India’s finance industry (like Wall Street in the US).

Elphinstone Circle in 1879, where people gathered under a shady tree to trade stocks, a few years before the opening of Asia's first stock exchange in Mumbai. Following independence, it was renamed Horniman Circle. This view shows the gardens and fountain in the centre, with the banyan tree a little further up, left of centre.

Source: Nick Gray, CC BY-SA 2.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0>, via Wikimedia Commons

A few years later, on the other side of the region in Tokyo, Japanese stockbrokers, easily identified on the streets by their distinctive kimonos, gathered to iron out details of their plan to open a stock exchange. This was the Tokyo Stock Exchange and it was first opened on 15 May 1878. Other Japanese cities followed and set up their own stock exchange – the Osaka stock exchange, for example – and it was many years later, in 1943, in the middle of World War II, when they merged these different stock markets into one large one named the Japanese Stock Exchange. That market had a short life - it was shut down at the end of World War II and reopened a few years later, in 1949, as the Tokyo Stock Exchange. and that is the name it still operates under today.

The Japanese were big in financial innovation. As early as 1730, trading in rice set in motion all sorts of innovations that found their way into stock markets. In that year, Shogun Tokugawa Yoshimune authorized trade in rice futures at the Dojima Exchange in Osaka, the world’s first organised futures market and the idea of buying and selling futures was later adopted in stock markets. These days, futures trading is big business.

The Japanese also invented the candle stock chart, now widely used by stock traders. A rice trader, Munehisa Homma, used these colorful charts to track movements rice prices, a practice followed much later by stock traders.

A Japanese invention: the candlestick chart (source: Wikimedia Commons)

The Japanese were also the first to create an Asian stock market index. To measure the pulse of the market, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun (The Nikkei) newspaper issued the Nikkei 225 index as early as 1950, the first in Asia. The Topix, another widely used index in Japan, came into use much later, in 1969. That is also when Hang Seng Bank in Hong Kong started to issue an index to track movements in the Hong Kong market -the wel--known Hang Seng index.

Cities elsewhere in the region have joined the stock market club. In Jakarta, called Batavia at the time, the market opened in 1912. The Philippines followed a few decades later with two stock exchanges – one in Manila in 1927 and another much later in nearby Makati in 1963. They traded exactly the same stocks in two different locations and the markets eventually merged in 1992 to form the Philippine Stock Exchange. 

After the Korean War finished in 1953, South Korea established the Korean Stock Exchange (KSE) and in 1997, a second exchange, the KOSDAQ, was launched to attract new tech companies and other young businesses. It proved to be a huge success.

The first Thai exchange was established in July 1962 in Bangkok. At first, it did not attract a lot of attention and died a slow death. But the Thais give it another shot and in 1975 the Securities Exchange of Thailand (SET) started trading, this time more successfully so. Singapore had joined the club two years earlier. 

Most of these new Asian stock exchanges were raucous, bustling “open outcry” markets, with brokers receiving orders from clients on pieces of paper and shouting them to so-called market makers, the holders of an inventory of stock. When it got too noisy, they used hand signals and to identify brokers in the crowd they would wear special colored jackets. Traders for HSBC, for example, wore striped red and white jackets. Later, in the 1990s, these traders became obsolete as computer trading systems did the same job, much faster. 

The history of China’s stock markets is a little more complex. The Opium Wars and the Treaty of Nanking in 1842 allowed the British and other nations to establish footholds in China and get access to the country’ markets. In Shanghai – in an area called the International Settlement – and Guangzhou (Canton), foreigners traded rubber, coal and other goods under their own laws. Stocks were popular too, and in June 1866 a first list of shares was nailed to a wall. 

Source: Shanghai Custom House 1886, “The world: historical and actual”, Gilbert, Frank.https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_world-_historical_and_actual_(1886)_(14596896879).jpg

Eventually, the sale of shares had to be conducted through appointed stockbrokers to make sure nobody sold pieces of worthless paper and in 1891, the Shanghai Sharebrokers’ Association met for the first time to set up a proper stock market. The birth of the Shanghai Stock Exchange coincided with the opening of the Hong Kong stock exchange.

Initially, a few banks, shipping, canal and dock companies listed on this Shanghai market. It was modest in size – total market value of USD23m in 1871 – because large companies that needed capital, such as railroads, preferred to issue shares in London. The Shanghai market was dominated by rubber plantations and by autumn 1910 there were as many as 47 rubber companies listed. In fact, rubber remained the biggest sector until the 1940s. 

Trading in Shanghai stocks ground to a halt in the Second World War and after a short resumption after the war, the Shanghai stock market was closed again in 1949. This time, it was several decades before the market opened again. Meanwhile, the stock market in Hong Kong, set up at the same time as its Shanghai counterpart in 1891, remained an active place to buy and sell shares. By 1969, the Hang Seng Index was being quoted in newspapers on a daily basis and this market turned itself from a backwater to a major stock market in the 1980s when big property companies and its largest airline were listed. It were not just local companies that listed in Hong Kong. In the 1980s, Tsingtao, a beer brewer, was the first Chinese company to list its shares in Hong Kong. Many more were to follow.

Deng Xiaoping, China’s great reformer, reopened the country’s economy to foreigners in 1978 and in December 1990 it was decided to open the Shanghai stock market again. I remember reading about it in newspapers while backpacking through China in the same year. Some Chinese stocks had shares listed in both markets and his gave rise to the distinction between Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong (H-shares) and those listed in Shanghai (A-shares). 

The bull outside the Shenzhen stock exchange (Wikimedia Commons)

China also opened a second exchange in the bustling southern city of Shenzhen in 1990 in order to raise funds for local technology companies. It proved to be hugely popular although there were a few hiccups along the way- in 1992, protests broke out when there were not enough forms printed to subscribe to a new share offering. I remember this very clearly because I was there and walked past long lines of people trying to put their money in this IPO (later, when the forms ran out, it all got a bit boisterous).

In those days, Chinese markets were small and only for the more adventurous investors. Later, foreign investors that wanted to dabble into these markets had to apply for a special quota. Over the years, these Chinese markets boomed and turned into some of the largest and most liquid stock markets on the planet. From mere backwaters, Asia's stock markets have grown to become an integral part of a chain of large global financial markets with their own pulse and rhythm.

Size and liquidity of Asian stock markets compared

Source: Federation of Stock Exchanges

-end-

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has been having a rough time of late. The UK share of European IPO activity has been shrinking ever since the Brexit vote in 2016 and many of the most innovative companies continue to look to New York when they go public. Mark Austin, a partner at law firm Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, has been tasked with shaking things up on the 220-year-old market, while LSE CEO Julia Hoggett is optimistic that Cambridge chip designer Arm will list some of its shares on this side of the Atlantic in its upcoming IPO.

Read and share unique perspectives with professionals around the world

- [Instructor] If you're going to invest in stocks, you'll need to understand how buying and selling stocks works. So I'm here on E-Trade's brokerage page. Now there's a variety of different brokers that you can use to help you buy and sell stocks. Brokers include groups like E-Trade, TD Ameritrade, Schwab, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, and many others that are out there. We're using E-Trade simply because they have a nice convenient platform for learning purposes. Now I've put in Apple's stock. The ticker symbol AAPL is up here and represents Apple. If I wanted to buy or sell Apple stock, I would click on one of these buttons and it would take me to a page that looks like this one. So here I am ready to put in my order. If I want to buy Apple stock, I have two choices. I could either use a market order or a limit order. A market order simply means that I'm going to put in my order for Apple stock and I will pay…

- [Instructor] One important trend you need to be aware of if you're thinking about investing is what I call the shrinking stock market. The size of the US stock market by the number of publicly traded firms peaked in 1998 at roughly 10,000 companies. By 2018, there were about 4,000 stocks traded on the NYSE and the Nasdaq. The shrinking stock market has largely been driven by large companies buying up smaller ones at a consistent rate and by fewer companies going public over time. So what does that mean for individual investors like you and me? Well, for one thing, it means more competition in finding great stocks to invest in. An IPO or Initial Public Offering is the first time that a stock is sold to the general public. Historically, the US often had maybe 300 to 500 IPOs per year. These days, we often have 100 or less IPOs per year. Now the average IPO today is older and more stable than it used to be. Firms like Facebook and Uber provide good examples. Those firms both waited years longer than firms used to in order to go to public. Now why is this bad for investors like us? Well, the answer is that today's IPOs have typically already seen their headiest growth, their fastest growth by the time they go public. A new company is likely to see its fastest growth for an investor early on. And today, many investors miss out on that early growth. Now of course, not all firms that did an IPO ended up being successful, but a handful of stocks like IBM, Amazon, Walmart, and Microsoft have driven a large part of the gains in the US stock market for decades. Now with IPOs happening later and later, it's unclear if investors will see those early gains from a handful of future firms that do turn up the all stars. None of this is to say that you shouldn't invest in the stock market. Returns in the market continue to be roughly consistent with historical averages. And besides, other than the stock market, there aren't many good options for investments. But you do want to be aware of these changing market dynamics and what the shrinking stock market means as you think about investing. Consider assembling a portfolio that is diversified and stable rather than trying to bet on a few stocks like new IPOs to show huge growth.

Created by

Indie Writer #1 Machine Learning Newsletter AiSupremacy | Tap the 🔔 on my profile

- [Instructor] To get started investing, you'll need to setup a brokerage account or a stock account. This can be done with one of a number of different firms out there, Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE and many others. I'm here on Morgan Stanley's web page. Now, groups like Morgan Stanley are what are known as full service brokers. They offer a lot of services and handholding, but it comes at a higher trading cost for most of the trades that you might want to make. So if you buy or sell a stock, you might pay 50, 60, 70 or even $100 to buy or sell that particular stock. If you go to a place like Schwab, you will have cheaper trading costs. Schwab highlights their $4.95 online stock order options, but you're also less likely to have access to the handholding and research that someone like Morgan Stanley offers. Similarly, groups like E*TRADE and TD Ameritrade also offer brokerage services, again, at…

- Now, can we as individual investors use our ability to analyze financial data and economic trends to identify winning and losing stocks? No, the market's just too fast. The market reacts to new information very quickly, in minutes. For example, there are smart people in New York whose job it is to identify all new share-relevant information, load it into supercomputers, and do the data analysis to find mispriced publicly traded stocks. No academic research in accounting or finance has found any reliable evidence for profitable, implementable trading strategies based on publicly available financial statement numbers. By the time you have used your analysis to pick an undervalued stock, it is a week, two weeks, or two months too late. Yes, there are people who are making money buying and selling stocks. Part of this is luck. Even in Las Vegas, some people win. Part of this is business contacts. Experienced analysts are privy to all sorts of industry data that regular people don't see. Well, I often hear people say that Warren Buffett seems to have a pretty good track record of picking winning stocks. Why can't I do the same? Well, you can, if you develop the same business contacts that Warren Buffett has and if you get access to the information from business, government, and media figures that Warren Buffett gets. He sees dozens of potential deals cross his desk every day, and he learns from every one of them and ends up investing in just a handful of big deals each year. To repeat, the market reacts to information just too fast, so that if you don't have some sort of special industry expertise, you aren't going to be able to use your valuation skills fast enough. Let me share with you a stock-picking experience featuring my dear brother. When he was young and foolish, starting in the mid-1990s, he and his wife Ramona conducted a seven-year stock-picking experiment. They started with $2,000 that they had in addition to their regular savings. They rode the internet bubble up to almost $9,000 in their little Stice Speculation Fund and then finally crawled away after the bursting of the bubble with $1,342. So in total, they lost $658, the 1,342 they had at the end minus the 2,000 starting amount. People who are currently doing well in the market boast at parties about their stock-picking prowess. They typically don't tell about all of their picks. Half of them are probably going down. And when they are losing money overall in the market, they don't say anything. When my brother and his wife were riding the market up, they were boasting at parties. Now I realize that any talk I hear about how easy it is to make money in the stock market is coming from a biased sample of people who are currently experiencing a run of luck. They aren't geniuses. They don't have a foolproof system. They're just lucky, for now. To repeat, can we as individual investors use our ability to analyze financial data and economic trends to identify winning and losing stocks? No, the market is just too fast.

- [Instructor] In order to invest effectively, it's important for you to understand basic stock market operations including the hours the stock market is open, pre and post market trading and who the participants are on the exchanges. Now I'm here at CNBC.com. CNBC is a news service that follows stocks all day long. All CNBC does is track what's going on in the stock market and report it on. And we're looking at a screenshot for the S&P 500. The S&P 500 is one of the major indexes that represents the stock market. It's essentially the largest 500 companies in the US stock market. So it's a good barometer for what's going on overall in the market. Now, there's a few things to note. First of all we could look at this chart on a one day basis. And what this shows us is the hours of operation for the stock market. The stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. every weekday, Monday through Friday in the US. Stock trading…

From the course: Economics for Everyone: Understanding a Recession

- One of the most important things people tend to look at when they're worried about recession is the stock market. But the stock market is not the economy. Sometimes, the stock market's a little bit ahead of the economy, sometimes it's a little bit behind, and we could debate which happens more often. But what we generally probably will agree on is that if the economy's in recession, the stock market's likely to be under pressure, stocks are losing money. And if the economy's doing well, stock prices are usually up. Those two things are pretty consistent. Now, the way people talk about the stock market tends to be in two ways, they talk about bear markets and they talk about bull markets. When the economy's in recession, very often, in what's called a bear market. The reason it's called a bear market is because when a bear attacks you, it falls on you, and the stock market goes down. This is different than a bull…

India got freedom in 1947.

But, corporate India got the freedom to do business competitively in 1991.

You must be wondering, why am I reminding these events in an answer for investment in the stock market.

Well, there is a reason. Investing in stocks is investing in businesses. And, if we are going to select our first investment in the Indian stock market - the first thing we need to do is, we should understand our economy and businesses.

Going back to history, before 1991, we had one car - ambassador, one scooter - Bajaj Chetak, one watch - HMT. And a similar status in other sectors. That era was called the license-raj. Companies in the manufacturing industry had to take a license to manufacture.

Not only for limited models but also for the limited number of units.

There is a famous story about Mr. Bajaj. Owner of the Bajaj group at that time. He got sued for manufacturing more units of Chetak than what he was permitted to produce.

There is another famous story about Bajaj Chetak. It is also related to one social evil dowry. It is said that that was the time when the father of a new child used to go to the sweet shop if it's a boy. And, they would rush to the Bajaj showroom to book Chetak scooter if it was a girl. As dowry was a must and waiting for Bajaj Chetak was 18 years+

There might be a little exaggeration in the above scenarios. There might be one or two more brand and the waiting period of Chetak might be lesser. But, it was a license-raj, and we hardly grew in the field of business.

In between 1947-1991, the world was excelling in manufacturing sectors, but we crippled innovation which gets primarily supported by R&D departments of private limited companies.

Anyway, we were on the verge of bankruptcy, and finally, corporate India got liberated by new policies of liberalization and globalization.

(Main reason:- The collapse of the Soviet Union, which was India's major trading partner, and the Gulf War, which caused a spike in oil prices, resulted in a major balance-of-payments crisis for India, which found itself facing the prospect of defaulting on its loans. India asked for a $1.8 billion bailout loan from the (IMF), which in return demanded de-regulation.)

Hard-working Indian, who has not got the opportunity to showcase its talent, was waiting for this to happen. And we grabbed everything which came our way. Bringing excellence in technology and r&d would have taken time, so we jumped into the service sector and became a hub for the outsourcing industry. We made large IT organizations and thousands of BPOs.

Well, with the timeline of 1991, I want to highlight one thing. Today, in 2019, Corporate India is only 28 years old. It has got maturity in very few sectors. Still, a lot has to be in different industries.

In the financial services sector, the capital market is one industry. Yes, the stock market is also called the capital market. As, through the stock market, companies raise capital to finance their business.

In the capital market/stock market, there are a lot of challenges. Stockbrokers who are the backbone of this sector have always faced issues with client acquisition costs and client engagement costs. And to meet this challenged, few of them have done malpractices, and retail investors have suffered losses.

Many promoters and individuals have also used the stock market for their gains in ill fashion. And, our financial system is getting mature day by day. We make policies once an event has happened and given a hit to investors already.

We do have many success stories. Many investors have gained massively in the stock market. But, I am afraid that might be accidental.

Well, in this whole process, one thing is sure, Indians have not got the opportunity to learn about businesses, investment and capital markets from their parents or through the education system.

We were taught almost every subject in school. And we were warned about nearly all kinds of wrongdoings in society by our parents.

But, we got no education about investing in stocks, and we got no warning about the risk involved in investing in the stock market.

Giving one stock tip is easy. But, developing confidence in that company to stay invested in their stock is a process. And this confidence will only come when we have little knowledge.

And, the first investment every Indian should do in the stock market is:-

We should invest time to gain knowledge of the capital/stock market. An understanding of value investing, portfolio management and risk management is a must. Getting aware of the evil practices of the market is equally important.

LinkedIn User

The following post is an answer to a question recently asked in my Quora session: “What are the biggest threats to a company's value?” To read all of my answers, visit the session here.

The biggest threats to a company’s value don’t stem from stock market “irrationality” or “exuberance” but from declines in the company’s performance. Stock markets don’t lead lives of their own or follow emotions rather than reason, as some pundits assert. Over the long term and for most companies, the market value tends to be close to the fundamental value of the cash flows companies are expected to generate.

For evidence, just look are that long-term patterns in market valuation and business performance. Analyses of data over the past 50 to 60 years consistently show that stock markets value companies in accordance with the fundamental value drivers: Businesses and sectors with higher returns on capital are rewarded with higher valuations, and companies with higher growth are valued higher, provided their returns on capital are above their cost of capital. It should be no surprise that companies in sectors such as software, pharmaceuticals and branded consumer goods have high valuations: this is simply because returns on capital there are much higher than for most other sectors. For the same reason, sectors such as oil and gas, basic materials and utilities receive lower valuations.

There is additional evidence from the way investors react to events and news about the future performance of companies. By and large, markets are very good at distinguishing between events that affect a company’s fundamental value and those that do not. Take the example of write-downs of impaired goodwill for underperforming acquisitions. [In the aftermath of the COVID-19 crisis, we will probably see an increase in such write-downs, which can represent a significant reduction of a company’s reported earnings and even drive its earnings into the red.

Markets are very good at distinguishing between events that affect a company’s fundamental value and those that do not

However, that does not affect the company’s cash flows. In most cases, the market already knows that the goodwill is impaired and the share prices of companies likely to experience write-downs already reflect lower expected cash flows before the accounting impairment. Accordingly, when these companies eventually report the write-downs, don’t expect the share price to decline further. The empirical evidence clearly shows that, on average, a company’s stock price does not change when a write-off is announced. Markets see through the earnings decline; what drives a company’s value are its future cash flows, not the acquisition premiums it paid in the past. As such, executives concerned about share price should not worry about write-downs but about the cash flow outlook.

What executives should worry about is the performance of their industry and their company’s performance relative to peers. It’s the job of corporate management to understand potential threats to long-term growth due to changes in underlying customer demand, product substitutes, regulation or technological innovation, to name a few examples, and such shifts appear to be taking place at increasing rates as the life cycles of products shrink.

Further, even when the company’s markets are growing and the outlook is promising, an erosion of a company’s competitive position will destroy value. As the market for smartphones took off around 2010 with phenomenal growth rates, some of the early contenders didn’t provide the kinds of products that customers wanted. Their sales declined even as the market grew and most eventually dropped out of the race altogether. The lesson: the company’s own performance will always be the biggest threat to its stock price.

I’m a core leader of McKinsey and Co.’s Strategy and Corporate Finance practice. To learn more about the impact of coronavirus on a company’s value, check out my book Valuation: Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies, 7th Edition, co-authored with Marc Goedhart and David Wessels.

Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies

The seventh edition of Valuation is a handbook that can help managers, investors, and students understand how to foster corporate health and create value for the future—goals that have never been more timely. Available Now.

Learn More 

From the course: Corporate Finance Foundations

- A stock market, or stock exchange, is just a place, either physical or virtual, where people can come together and trade stocks. For example, the New York Stock Exchange started back in 1792 under a sycamore tree, or a buttonwood tree, in New York on Wall Street, where people who owned stocks, or people who represented those who owned stocks, could get together and trade those stocks, a stock exchange. An example of a virtual exchange is the NASDAQ, which started in 1971 as just a computer system where people could post up the fact I own some stock and I want to sell them, or I want to buy some stock. It was a virtual meeting place. The largest stock market in the world is the New York Stock Exchange. And the second largest stock market in the world is the NASDAQ, which started this trend towards more virtual stock markets. Now here are some unsettling questions to consider. Are stock markets just places for people to…

A lot has been written and said about timing the market.

Well, no one can time the market perfectly. Or, I should say, one should not try to time the stock market. It is almost impossible to time the market.

Whether you ask - “when is the right time to invest” or “when is the right time to sell your investments in the stock market?” - A truthful answer will remain the same. And the answer is no one knows the exact answer to this question.

However, I can give you an approach that will help you decide when and how to start investing in the stock market.

But, before we jump into the approach, let us understand a few basics of the stock market.

These basic points can go endless and I may lose track. :-)

The answer to the real question remains the same. No one can time the market. No one can confidently answer “when is the right time to invest in stock market”

But, you can follow a few pieces of advice as well.

Learn to invest properly with confidence.

Now again, this list of advice can become endless as well.

Let’s get on the answer to the real question:-

The day you start earning, you should start saving. And the day, you start saving, you need to invest the saving wisely. The stock market is a place where you can invest as well. And this is the only right time to invest in the stock market.

And, the day you need money. For your self, your kids, your family, it is the right time to get out of the stock market. The only time you have to sell your investment from the stock market is the time when you need money.

Idea was to tell you the basics, give you a few advice and also to tell you that the stock market is just like another asset. Like your real estate, gold or FD.

When is the right time to buy a house - when you need it? Right? But when do u sell them - never, unless you have an emergency or you want to buy another house? The case is same with FD and gold investment.

The day we will start considering investing in stocks is similar to gold, real estate or FD. No one will look for an answer about timing the stock market.

Visit https://kundankishore.in/ to learn more about the Indian stock market.

- [Instructor] A lot of people think about the stock market as a way for investors to make money. And that's true. But the reason the stock market exists is bigger than that. The stock market helps drive the economy by connecting investors who have money to companies that need to raise money for their business. In the US, companies raise money to invest in their business by selling stock to the general public. They sell that stock through the stock market. Investors buy stock because they get an ownership stake in the company, and then they earn a part of the company's profit. This leads to what we call investment returns, or simply returns. The alternative to a company raising money by selling part of itself to investors is to instead borrow money. Now companies don't go get a bank loan like you or me in most cases. So instead, they often borrow money by selling bonds to investors. Stocks and bonds are alternatives for…

From the course: Managing Your Personal Investments

- One of the hardest things about investing is getting started. And one of the things that stops people getting started is understanding what all the words mean. In this video I'm going to cover the five basic building blocks of investing. I'll start with simple, low risk products and move up the scale to more complex, higher risk products. So let's start with something simple, cash. Cash is the easiest thing to understand, because we use it every day. You can invest in cash equivalents, also known as money market accounts or certificates of deposits, also known as CDs, or T-bills. These pay slightly higher interest rates than your trusty savings account, but you can't move money in and out of them easily like a bank account. For something that has better returns, but more risk, let's look at bonds. Most people are probably familiar with savings bonds. Bonds are also called fixed income instruments. They're essentially a loan you make to a third party for which you get paid interest. There's a vast range of bonds available. They range from essentially risk-free bonds issued by governments, all the way to super risky junk bonds issued by companies. The rule of thumb with bonds is that the higher the risk on the bond, the higher the interest rate you'll be paid. One of the nicest things about bonds is that they're all rated by bond rating services, so you can very easily look up how risky that bond is. The fees on bonds are also generally super low, usually a transaction fee to buy and sell them. The next investment category you can put your money into is stocks. Also known as equities or shares, a stock is literally ownership of a piece of a company. So if you own a common stock of Apple you are an owner of Apple. And as an owner you're eligible to share in the company's profits through dividend payments. You also have shareholder voting rights. And because stocks are traded in public markets, the value of the stock changes. So if you invest in a good company and the value of the stock goes up, you'll be able to sell your shares for more money than you bought them for, giving you a gain on your investment. The cost of holding stocks is just the cost of buying and selling them, usually just a few dollars. Finally, it's important to know that historically US stocks have averaged a real 5% annual rate of return in the 20th century. The next investment category are funds. There are funds that you buy and sell just like a stock on an exchange called ETFs. These are exchange-traded funds. Some are built to match a specific index, like the S&P 500, for example. In fact, for every share of an ETF there exists a basket of stocks of that targeted index. The beauty of an ETF is that they can reflect a specific index. So if you want to match the overall return of the market an ETF's perfect. You won't beat the market, but you certainly won't underperform either. And they are, for the most part, low cost. You have to pay a fee to buy and sell ETFs, just like stocks, but on top of that, you have to pay a fee as a percentage of what you own. For large funds, this can be low, sometimes less than a 10th of a percent, but for smaller, more exotic funds fees can hit 2% or more. But overall ETFs can be a powerfully low cost, low effort way of getting into investing. Mutual funds have traditionally been a very popular way to invest. They operate differently than stocks and ETFs. They're not treated on an exchange, so you have to go directly to mutual fund companies to buy and sell them. The big point of difference to ETFs is that mutual funds are usually actively managed, so they have experts who buy and sell holdings to take advantages of changes in real time. But one of the big problems with mutual funds is they charge a lot of fees, because there's people managing these funds who need to be paid. After their fees have been taken out of your investment it can be quite difficult for you to beat the market. You may also have to pay a sales fee or load. The final area I need to mention is the world of alternative investments. These are annuities, whole life insurance products, private placements, and hedge funds. For people getting started I recommend they stay away from these investments. Most of them have heavy fees or are offered by non-fiduciary standard providers. And many of these products are not liquid, meaning they're difficult to sell. They're difficult investments to understand and manage and often do not provide enough return to cover the cost. For people getting started with investing on their own I recommend getting familiar with stocks, bonds, and ETFs as step one. And for investors working with an advisor, I'd recommend steering away from complicated products, as they usually come with complicated fees, and to make sure your advisor is very clear how much the different investments are costing you.

- [Narrator] If you have any money saved or invested, chances are that you're unsure what you should be doing about your investments. Every day, it seems like you see one headline recommending "don't bail on stocks now," then a few days later, you'll see the complete opposite from another market expert. "Are you ready for the huge coming financial collapse?" Mixed messages like this scare people into making bad decisions with their investments. In this course, you'll learn how to recognize behavioral biases and the investment pitfalls holding back your decision making. We'll help you to understand biases in the stock market and how you should respond to them. I'm doctor Michael McDonald. I'm a professor of finance, a Wall Street veteran and a frequent industry consultant. If you're ready to learn how to use behavioral finance to make yourself a more confident and successful person, then please join me here on LinkedIn Learning.

New investors are entering the stock market thick and fast. Official data shows nearly 10 million investors made their stock market debut in 2020, more than double compared to the year prior. Who’s driving this rush? Millennials. “We have witnessed record demat account opening by millennials in 2020,” Nithin Kamath, founder of Zerodha, told the Economic Times recently. The key enabler is technology, whether it’s opening a demat account or carrying out trades on mobile devices. The share of mobile phone trading in the stock market’s cash segment has risen by 8-12 times in the last five years.

If you ever read my blog on the IESE blog space, Doing Business on the Earth, you already now that I agree with Christiana Figueres, the Costa Rican diplomat who led the negotiations for the Paris Climate Accord signed in 2016. Either the world will shift to a low carbon economy over the next ten years and mitigate or at least slow down the onset of catastrophic climate change or it will not.

If it does, then the transition is an enormous business opportunity and the financial rewards will go to those companies that facilitate it in terms of products, services, and new business models. What we would see in this scenario is rising sales, profits, and share prices for those companies that are involved in this transition and falling results for those which represent the current energy paradigm.

The other scenario is that we waste the next ten years like we have the last twenty. In this case, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has determined that it is very likely that the weather will get significantly worse. This will be experienced by even stronger storms, floods and draughts, more wild fires and increasing desertification and water stress. Eventually, perhaps in the 2030s, the world will wake up to the scale of the problem and the transition will happen anyway but it will cost more money and we will live in a world where adaptation to climate change will be urgent in many parts of the world.

One implication for business if this scenario comes to play is that the market for low carbon energy will take more than ten years to really develop. Another is that it will be sufficient to achieve targets such as becoming target neutral by 2035 or 2040 as General Motors has announced earlier this year.

As I wrote in a post last week concerning electric vehicles, looking at sales and the market share of electric cars might not show the deeper transition which may be going on in the larger ecosystem of the car business or what is called the socio-techincal regime around personal transportation.

Another way would be to look at what is going on in the world of finance and specifically amongst stock market investors. In theory, the investment community is already thinking about the medium term. There are a number of examples.

[caption id="attachment_5420" align="alignright" width="276"] Tesla share price[/caption]

The first and foremost, of course is Tesla Motors. Today Tesla is trading at just over $ 650 per share which gives it a total value on the order of $ 628.6 Billion. The company sold around 500,000 cars in 2020 and made a profit than to re-selling carbon credits to other carmakers. Now weather you consider Tesla a car company which makes makes its own batteries or a battery company that also makes cars, the value that the market gives the company is incredible.

Just to put this in perspective, General Motors share price has increased a bit since its announcement on EV's but is currently below $60 per share. This gives the company a value of $86.2 billion or about 14% of tesla's. Last year GM sold something like 6.8 million cars and light trucks including its two joint ventures in China.

Another leading indicator which might change is oil company stocks. An indicator is the Dow Jones Oil and gas index which fell from a high of 6,000 in 2018, collapsed to below 2,000 in March 2020 and is currently hovering around 4.000. Exxon Mobile, for example had sales of $181 billion in 2020 and is currently trading just below $ 60 per share. This gives it a market capitalisation of $ 239.2 Billion.

You can contrast this with Schneider Electric, a company that is deeply committed to the energy transition and was named the most sustainable company in the world by Corporate Knights, a dedicated media outlet on the link between business and sustainability. In 2020, Schneider had total sales of just under $ 30 billion or less than one sixth of Exxon Mobile's. At over $ 120 per share, however Schneider's  market valuation is $ 72 billion or just under one third that of Exxon Mobil.

By the way, if you are interested in learning more about the energy transition, the IESE student run Energy Club is holding its annual Energy Day later this week and features Schneider's Chief Innovation Officer Emmanuel Lagarrigue as the key note speaker. The event is free of charge and you can register for the it here.

From the course: Excel PivotTables: Real-World Case Studies

- [Instructor] All right, our next case study is using stock market data. And we have a pretty simple dataset to work with here. It's a three month sample with stock market data for about 500 different publicly traded companies. And looking at the screenshot to the right here, we've got 29,440 observations with just a few simple dimensions and measures. So the only dimensions that we'll work with here are date and symbol. And then for measures, pretty standard financial stock market measures. We've got the open price, high and low prices for today, the close price and the trading volume. And the concepts that we'll cover in this kickoff include some basic sorting and filtering. I'll really focus on conditional formatting here, to really use visualizations to tell a story. We'll practice highlight cell rules, we'll do some really cool demos with data bars and then we'll wrap up with some value settings, like percent difference from, which is a great tool to show day-over-day gains and…

The stock market prediction has been an active area of research for quite a while. However, building a model that takes into consideration every factor is still a challenging problem. Apart from historical prices, the current stock market is affected by news articles about the company, general news and many other micro economic and macroeconomic factors. There are several models out there to predict the stocks based on general news elements or historical prices but not many have taken into consideration all company specific news or all of these factors together.

In this project we aim to see how taking company specific news can help predict stock prices.

Our data collection was split into 3 major chunks. The first was to get the Stock information for the various companies. The second was to collect company specific news data for the companies that we were analyzing and the 3rd was to get the common news data that included politics, environment, economics etc.

1 ) Stock Data

The stock market data was collected by calling the Yahoo finance API and collecting the stock data for the 30 companies currently a part of the DJIA index. We collected the data from 2006 to 2016. The data collected included the opening price, closing price, the high and low values for that particular day.

2 ) Company News Data

The company wise news data was taken off the NYTimes website using a script to generate multiple API calls for company wise data across the years of 2006 - 2016.

The attributes that were a part of the dataset are -

1) Created Time

2) Snippet

3) Headline

4) Company Name

5) News - Desk ( What kind of news was this -Business, Entertainment, Tech .. etc.)

3) General News Data

The general news data was got from a ready to use dataset found on Kaggle. This data contained news data collected off of Reddit for the top 25 news headlines for each day across multiple years.

Once we had collected the data we had top pre-process the 3 datasets and put them together to allow us to use it to analyze the influence of the news data on the stock prices.

From the news data we were looking to understand what the sentiment of the news for that particular day was. To do we this we combined the news across the same day into a single section and took the overall sentiment for that section and allocated that sentiment to the day. We did this for both the company wise data as well as the common news data.

This way our dataset for each day from 2006 to 2016 had the stock data, and two sentiment scores. For each day the target value then became the next day's stock value.

Figures: Change in stock values of the companies across the years.

Figure: The red line shows the sentiment score and the blue line shows the stock values for the given day. We see in some places how a change in the sentiment score on a given data affects the stock prices.

Now coming to analysis whether our sentiment values affect our stock values by a huge amount. We considered different prediction algorithms initially and then finally settled on Recurrent Neural Networks and also an LSTM(Long Short Term Memory) algorithm, which is a special subset of a recurrent neural network. The reason being, the other algorithms we considered did not account well enough for the time series nature of our data.(As a part of our coursework and guidelines we were required not to perform time-series manipulations on the data).

The LSTM algorithm required us to manipulate the data into a 3D array to be modeled. After performing this data manipulation, we went ahead and generated predictions with a different combination of our input variables. With some including the sentiment scores and some not. Post this we performed a comparison of the two results.

Recurrent Neural Network - Only Stock Value and Volume.

Mean absolute Error of 1.28.

Recurrent Neural Network - Stock Value, Volume and Sentiment of common news.

Mean absolute Error of 1.56.

Recurrent Neural Network - Only Sentiment columns

Mean Absolute Error of 5.78

Recurrent Neural Network - All columns

Mean Absolute Error of 1.0002.

Recurrent Neural Network - LSTM (All columns)

Mean Absolute Error of 0.45

We noticed that although not significant, the sentiment columns when added into the mix definitely help increase the accuracy of the model. However, give that we have not performed all the pre-processing that is required for a time-series data set, there is a lot of improvement that needs to be made to generate more accurate results and understandings from our dataset.

To get access to the code and the official project report, visit our GitHub link for the project:

The second edition of so-called League of Stock Market Stars, held by Securities and Exchange Organization of Iran, started on 7 July, with Deputy of Supervision of Financial Institutions Saeed Fallahpour, and Deputy for Executive Affairs Mostafa Razavi in attendance.

The event has been organized with the aim of elevating financial literacy, grooming finance elites, promoting entrepreneurship as well as connecting domestic universities to the stock markets.

“Finance students are supposed to become familiar with and active in the capital market in their early years and this event may act as a platform for them to be practically trained,” said Fallahpour.

According to the officials, 15 of the participants were recruited last year by different financial institutions immediately after the event.

Unlike last year that only hosted universities from Tehran Province, this year's competition is hosting 30 universities from all over Iran. Each team comprised of five members, under a single university flag, is led by a leader who must be a financial expert with capital market background or finance-related PhD student.

The participants can keep any gained profit, and the losses will be covered by the sponsors. However, a team will be removed from the tournament if their portfolio loses 25% of their initial credit. The first three teams will be awarded 250, 150 and 100 million rials respectively. Bank Ayandeh Brokerage Firm and Novin Investment bank sponsored the event and allocated the initial credit to each team.

There are adjustments to spice up the competition, e.g. almost all trading instruments are permissible, even trading on companies registered in Iran Fara Bourse's base market as well as derivatives. The event’s duration is also doubled to two months and each team is given five million rials worth of credit to trade with – five times more than last year.

The trades are real time, so traders are obliged to comply with all rules and regulations. Moreover, a referee committee comprised of representatives from IFB, Tehran Stock Exchange, SEO, and the sponsors, headed by the Surveillance Department of the SEO, will monitor and scrutinize trading strategies. The teams are not simply allowed to employ speculative strategies.

The details and a complete set of rules for the event can be found on its designated website at starleague.ir.

Investing in stock markets is a high risk, high reward business. While the majority of small investors lose money in the stock markets in India, a small percentage of investors have managed to create massive wealth from stock markets.

So what is the reason why only a tiny percentage of retail investors are successful in Indian stock markets?

The key here is the behaviour of the stock market investor. Psychology is the study of the mind, how it works, and how it might affect behaviour. Psychology is a big part of the stock market investment and if well understood, can help prevent financial setbacks.

Behavioural finance has managed to bridge the gap between theory and practice by scientifically recording human behaviour.

“Winners think differently. It’s not how much you know, even though knowledge is essential. It’s not how hard you work, even though nothing worthwhile is achieved without hard work. The real difference lies in the way winners think”-Colin Nicholson, Author of Building Wealth in the Stock Market.

Let’s take a look at different types of investors in the stock markets in India

Active stock market investors use an investment strategy which involves continuous buying and selling activity. They usually dismiss long-term trends and focus on short-term profits

Passive stock market investors use buy-and-hold strategy for the long term and do not seek to profit from short-term price variations or market timing.

Emotional stock market investors are the ones who tend to hold on to a stock forever, irrespective of factors which negatively impact the stock and make it less favourable as compared to its peers.

Copycat stock market Investors tend to ape stock portfolios of expert/star investors in the hope of mimicking their returns without understanding the reason behind it. While it does look simple in theory, in reality, it is often much harder as copycat investing in stocks of successful investors has its own set of risks that most people don’t understand. Know more about the perils of copycat investing.

Investing psychology is very important when investing in the stock markets in India. Behavioural finance can help you to prevent terrible investment mistakes. Investing mistakes can be costly and deliver losses, even if the stock market performs well or is in a bull run phase.

Different investors have different mindsets. In broader terms, they can be classified into ‘Optimists’ and ‘Pessimists’. Optimism fuels a bull run in the stock market, whereas pessimism leads to a bear market.

When the stock market is in a bull phase, stock market investors become greedy after observing that Rs. 50 share has rallied to Rs. 100. Now they start to buy, and the shares price touches Rs. 150 making it overpriced. In a correction phase, when the stock price comes down to 80/-, stock market investors see a sharp fall. Pessimism starts to surround them, which leads to fear and begin booking a loss.

In this case, investors who entered the stock at Rs.100 (higher price) and sold it at Rs.80 (lower price) suffer a loss of Rs.20 per share. Some stock market investors wait further and fall in the loser’s trap.

When the stock further falls to Rs.50, stock market investors are in a dilemma whether to exit entirely by booking massive loss or wait for a bounce back to an exit. If the stock market investor exits at Rs.50/- he ends up losing 50% of his capital invested. Such situations are common among most stock market investors who follow the herd mentality.

The basic rule for success in stock markets in India or anywhere in the world is to buy at a low price and sell at a high price. Even though this looks pretty simple most stock market investors make mistakes while following this rule. On the contrary, they purchase stocks at high prices and to sell them off when the prices are down making losses and end up blaming stock markets.

Your psychology determines your success or failure in stock markets.

Have you heard of legendary investors such as Warren Buffet, Benjamin Graham, Mark Mobius, George Soros, Peter Lynch and John Templeton? Unusual psychological traits, including the ability to think differently from others, has made them one of the wealthiest persons in the world.

If you follow the herd mentality and do what majority of the small investors do in stock markets, you may make some modest gains in the short term, but incur huge losses over the long term. However, if you want to be successful in stock markets, you must think and act like successful investors in the market.

It requires is a change in your attitude and a clear vision. Just ignore the short term ups and downs of the stock markets in India. Think long term and think big. Invest in quality stocks and let your money work for you. Click here to know more.

This story was originally published by team Research & Ranking

A difficult session was expected in the New York Stock Exchange, and it actually was. During Tuesdays session, the main stocks suffered losses of different degrees. However, most of them managed to reverse part of them by the end of the trading session.

The U.S. dollar gained strength on practically all pairs, with a great advantage against the euro, which fell sharply as soon as the American session began, maintaining a bearish profile in the early hours of todays session.

The pound, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar, with the latter two linked to commodities, did not change as much, and the pound even made some gains, going against the euro. This is an unusual situation, which is worth noting, with EUR/GBP now looking for two-year lows at 0.8280.

Being close to the Fed's monetary policy meeting, which will not be decisive but might still keep the doors open for them to be taken in March, together with the expansion of the pandemic, which still continues to grow practically in the whole world, determined an unstable mood in the markets. This scenario, which led to a drop in stocks, resulted in a search for refuge in the U.S. dollar.

Turning on to Gold, which usually acts in a similar condition as the yen, this time remained on the side-lines, and continues to sail without a very clear direction below 1830 dollars, a level that must be surpassed to aspire to more important gains.

With regards to the inflation data from the United Kingdom was decisive early today and as in the United States, they leave no room for maneuver for the Bank of England, which must continue to raise interest rates at its next meetings. While these rate hikes are not significant, they are a sign that the central bank is focusing on resolving the inflation issue in the coming months. This could also suggest that we might see similar movements in Europe shortly.

Having said this, it will be convenient, in the times to come, to look for bullish positions in European currencies. These, beyond certain one-off corrections, will benefit from the actions taken by the ECB and the BoE, which will have to raise their respective interest rates, and minimize and directly eliminate their stimulus plans.

Finally, yesterday, the rise in Treasury bond yields caused stocks to fall sharply. It remains to be seen if this will be reversed later this week.

The global stock surge since March’s bottom confounds investors and pundits who envision the market as disconnected from reality. No, it is they that are disconnected—from how the market actually works.

How could stocks be back near record highs if so many bad things are happening in so many ways? Like America’s coronavirus spike and impending lockdowns? And unemployment, which remains painfully high?

No, those who don’t understand the new bull market simply don’t understand markets. They suffer from the “Pessimism of Disbelief,” a concept I’ve described for decades, including in my most recent LinkedIn column. They are being myopically focused on short-term present problems everyone already knows about.

To explain this, it’s important to understand how typical bear markets work. Then we’ll discuss how the market behaved recently.

The archetypal bear market

As I wrote about in the 1980s, bear markets usually begin with slow, gentle declines. Most investors view these gradual declines as opportunities to ‘buy the dip,’ thinking stocks will rebound past prior highs. This encourages the last greater fools to invest more money. It’s the Great Humiliator hard at work, a concept I’ve also detailed for decades.

After slowly and long grinding lower in spurts, things start to change. On average, roughly two-thirds of a bear market’s total percentage decline occurs in the last one-third of its duration. That latter phase is when stocks typically start panically plunging. Everyone recognizes panic when it smacks them on the schnozzola.

What they don’t recognize is this: markets pre-price all widely known information, usually between three and 30 months into the future. That is the market’s day job. At the panic point of a bear market, the market shifts all focus onto the short end of that time range and prices in what the future looks like in a few months time when the economy is uber ugly. But, the market can only do that for so long. That is because its night job is valuing the market by discounting the future flow of long-term earnings back to the present, of which the present isn’t very important relative to that longer term flow—particularly at low interest rates. So, it soon starts to shift to the very far end of that three to 30 month range. It starts to price what things will look like roughly 24-30 months into the future and doesn’t care one whit about what is going to happen in the here and now or very soon thereafter. All the stuff that people tie their knickers in a knot about now, in the eyes of the market, is ancient history. It does this every darned cycle and if you can’t see that in history you have my condolences.

In parallel, and for the same basic and fundamental reason, the stock market has always been a leading indicator. It goes down before the economy goes down and it goes up while the economy is still going down—and going down badly. Always has, always will on that back end part.

The stock market is not disconnected from reality. It’s laser focused on the reality of what the world will look like in 24-30 months from now.

Take the 2008 financial crisis, when we saw a normal bear market -- unlike the abnormal one this March. The economy continued to worsen throughout 2009 and into 2010, yet stocks skyrocketed in 2009 and 2010. That’s because in 2009, the stock market was to that far end of its range, pre-pricing that far distant future—knowing the present value of the future earnings dwarfed anything that happened in 2009 It knew that by 2011, the economy would be well along toward a great future. A strong year in the stock market when the economy was weak is the disconnect that people can’t seem to accept. Again, condolences where due.

The bear market of 2020

What was different in this year’s bear market is that we didn’t have a normal recession tied to business features that could be preceded by that long, slow, grinding first two-thirds of a bear market’s duration dropping merely one-third of its percentage.

Instead, we had a government clampdown all around the world to deal with the risk of coronavirus overwhelming the hospital systems. As governments shut the economy down, the market had to pre-price this super-duper fast. In doing so, it moved to the very, very, very short end of that three to 30 month time frame. This time around, it may have even been shorter than three months - maybe one and a half months. No one can know for sure. But we do know that it was the fastest drop to official bear market territory in measured history—16 trading days.

With that, the plunging panicky part of the bear market came effectively immediately. Officially, a bear market is when the broad market falls at least 20% from its most recent peak. In just weeks, from late February to late March, the S&P 500 fell 34%.

I’ll say it again: the market can’t focus on the short end of that three to 30 month range for very long. It never has been able to in any bear market ever. Once you get to the panicky stage of a bear market, the market wants to start pricing in that far distant future pretty darned soon.

The market starts to pre-price what the real value of companies and businesses will be in the future. Because somebody will own these companies. Stopping short of bankruptcy, the ownership of these companies is a long-term thing. Again, in the long-term the market values companies based on the present value of its discounted future earnings. Discounted future earnings don’t have much of anything to do with anything any time any too soon. It’s a longer-term function and the market knows that—better than pundits seem to. Or, as the old Arabic statement slightly restated would say, “The dogs bark and the bull market moves on.” Rationally, people know this too - they just can’t believe it when prices are collapsing.

Towards late March, the market started shifting to the longer end of the three to 30 month range. That’s why stocks are now currently back near all-time record highs.

If you look at what life will look like in roughly 30 months from now, we will likely either have a vaccine or herd immunity and the coronavirus will be largely history, albeit an important part of history. Sure, some parts of the economy won’t come back. But that happens after every recession. Some companies get left in the dust and rubbish. Others will start the next, new great thing. That’s what capitalism is supposed to be all about.

During recessions, most firm’s earnings fall. That decreases the value of its future earnings, which is what the market cares about. Afterwards, a company will do things to make itself better, which increase the future earnings. Like exercise building your muscles!

If you look at America’s 20 largest stocks, they look little like the 20 largest ones when I started in the investment world in 1972–by name or function.

In a sense, business problems build herd immunity for the economy, with innovation fueling that immunity. There is almost no one now not concerned about developing great future technology to accomplish their business purposes. Capitalism innovates - in product, service and management techniques. It improves profitability for the future by overcoming problems that it encounters en route.

Understanding today’s stock market

Figuring what the market will do is heavily about figuring out what part of the three to 30 month timeframe the market is pre-pricing right now. If you can do that, you have the market figured out cold. But doing that, most of the time, is non-trivial. It’s hard. It’s perilous. Ironically, once real panicky plunges hit, it’s easy, which is just when folks have the hardest time doing it because they think stocks are disconnected from reality when, in fact, it is they that are disconnected from the reality of how the market works.

Most people are ever too preoccupied myopically and parsing what is here and now and very soon ahead. The market doesn’t focus on that very short-term very often and when it does not for very long. Most of the time it just uses it for noise and volatility. But the volatility tries to shake people away from the new bull market. Your goal is always to engage The Great Humiliator without ending up humiliated by it.

Ken Fisher is founder and executive chairman of Fisher Investments. Follow him on Twitter @KennethLFisher.

Investing in securities involves a risk of loss. Past performance is never a guarantee of future returns. The foregoing is for general informational purposes and should not be regarded as personalized investment advice. Nothing herein is intended to be a recommendation or a forecast of market conditions. Rather it is intended to illustrate a point. Current and future markets may differ significantly from those illustrated here. Not all past forecasts were, nor future forecasts may be, as accurate as those predicted herein.

Quantum Mechanics: Copenhagen Interpretation and Schrödinger’s Cat

The Copenhagen interpretation, posed in 1920, says that a quantum particle doesn't naturally exist in one state or another, but in all possible states simultaneously (coherent superposition of probabilistic wave functions). But when it's observed or measured, probability wave function collapses and the particle is forced to become a single one of those iterations (classical state). 

Austrian Physicist, Erwin Schrödinger wasn’t in favor of this interpretation. He pointed out that if microscopic objects such as atoms could be in strange superpositions, so could macroscopic objects, because they are made of atoms. As an example, Schrödinger offered the famous thought experiment in which a cat is placed in an enclosed box with a nasty device set to trigger by a decay of a single radioactive atom. If activated, device kills the cat. Because the radioactive atom exists as a superposition decayed and not decayed it produces the bizarre cat that is both dead and alive simultaneously until the box is opened and the cat is observed to be either dead or alive.

We are witnessing this Bizarre situation played out in financial markets currently. Stock markets are rallying while economic indicators have turned bad to worse.

Economic Indicators paint a gloomy picture

As per ISM report on May 1, 2020, U.S. economic activity in the manufacturing sector contracted in April, and the overall economy contracted after 131 consecutive months of expansion. The Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) declined to 41.5 in April from 49.1 in March and 50.1 in February 2020.

University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index dropped to 71.0 in April (lowest level since Sep 2012), a drop of 18.1 points compared to March and a drop of 30 points compared to February 2020.

As industries continue to be impacted by Covid-19, banks and economists are slashing GDP forecasts.

As pointed out by WSJ, analysts forecasting results for individual companies expect S&P 500 profits to decline 18% in 2020, according to FactSet, a stark contrast from their estimates of +9.2% growth in the beginning of the year.  Estimate has continued to decline as Q1’20 earnings are reported by more and more companies. About 45% of S&P 500 constituents are yet to report Q1’20 earnings.

Stocks Have Rallied Fast and Furious

Despite this gloomy economic outlook, stocks have rallied since March lows. As of May 1, 2020, S&P 500 was about 27% up from its March low. As per data published by FactSet, the 12-month forward P/E for S&P is at 20.3x, which is above the 5-year average and above the 10-year average. This week also marked the first time it is 20x or higher since April 2002.

Implied volatility index VIX has more than halved since its record high levels of 82.69 on March 16, 2020. Prior to this VIX had crossed 80 for the first time during Global Financial Crisis.

Shut Up and Calculate!

Physicists such as Paul Dirac, Richard Feynman and David Mermin subscribed to the instrumentalist interpretation of quantum mechanics and abstained from debate around theories of interpretation. For them quantum mechanics was a useful tool to answer many unanswered questions in modern physics. David Mermin even coined a term for this approach: “Shut up and calculate!” 

Similarly, investors participating in the current stock market rally seem to have chosen to ignore the paradox of weak economy and strong markets. This could be due to following reasons:

Fate of Schrödinger’s Cat

As the state governments move towards lifting lockdowns, Schrödinger’s box can open any time and it doesn’t bode well for the poor cat. (reminder to feline lovers: this is a thought experiment.) There are many reasons to believe that currently market seems overly optimistic about smooth and fast economic recovery:

Conclusion: Stock market is at an unsustainable level and corrections are likely soon.

My Background: I have over 10 years of experience in investments and corporate finance at financial institutions such as D.E. Shaw, S&P and American Express and internal corporate treasury experience at Estee Lauder. I hold an MBA from NYU Stern, a B.S. from IIT Madras.

Disclaimer: This article presents my analysis of current events. It does not represent views of my current or past employers.

Is the stock market close to peaking? This is the question one should be thinking about. The reason is that many of the companies are commanding crazy valuations – the kind normally associated with the peaking time of the bull market. Just look at the valuation at which Flipkart was bought by Walmart. Valued at $12 billion only last year, a 77 per cent stake in Flipkart is being bought by Walmart for $16 billion, which works out to a valuation of $21 billion. The US market, where Walmart is listed, did not give its thumbs up to the deal, because the stock price had taken a beating the day it was announced, which took off $10 billion from its $260 billion market cap. The big concern for Walmart’s investor is that it is paying too high a price for the stock it is buying.

It’s estimated that India’s e-commerce market is in the region of $25 billion. The price Walmart is paying for Flipkart suggests that it may have paid so much not only to scale up Indian operations, but also to block Amazon from becoming a larger player in India.

But the high valuation commanded by Flipkart is not an exception. There are enough examples available in the listed space too, where companies are commanding excessive valuations. The Avenue Supermarts (D’ Mart), which is commanding a P/E of 119 times based on trailing 12 months’ earnings.  The company’s net profit is growing at handsome pace – 62 per cent last year. But can it sustain this kind of growth in coming years, with the base expanding? Also, the P/E ratio is arrived at after accounting for 62 per cent growth in earnings. Avenue Supermarts’ market cap is almost equal to the combined market cap of Colgate, Marico and Emami. There are several research analysts and fund managers, who justify the high valuation of Avenue Supermarts. Normally, this kind of justification is forthcoming only during a peak in the bull market.

Another listed player, Jubilant Foodworks, commands a P/E of 78 times, despite which many investors find it a good buy. This is notwithstanding the fact that the government is thinking of putting restrictions to discourage foods which are not perceived to be healthy.

Similar is the case with certain private sector banks and NBFCs. Bajaj Finance, which has filled the investors’ coffers substantially during the last few years, is an instance in point. In the process, the company’s price to book value too has gone up 10 times, making it one of the costliest NBFC shares in the world. Today, it’s commanding a market cap of Rs 1.23 lakh crore – higher than Yes Bank and IndusInd Bank. Put against other leading NBFCs, Bajaj Finance’s market cap measures equal to the combined market caps of M&M Finance, Edelweiss, L&T Finance and Shriram Transport Finance. It does give the feeling that the stock price is running ahead of fundamentals.

One may justify high valuations if macros are improving. But that’s not the case here. India is in the throes of a double crisis now – not only are the crude oil prices moving up, but the rupee too has started depreciating against the dollar. During the last three months, the crude oil price has moved up from $65 per barrel to $79 per barrel, while the rupee has declined from Rs65 to Rs68.50 to a dollar. The fiscal deficit is likely to touch four years’ high. The latest IIP numbers are at a four month low. Also, the 10 year India government bond has moved up from 6.67 per cent to 7.90 per cent in the last one year. And, the RBI is likely to push the interest rate up, impacting margins of India Inc.

Globally, the shadow of a federal rate hike looms large. FPIs too are not gung-ho about India’s equity market, as they have been constant sellers during the last few months. And, the domestic inflow, which was strong due to the retail investors’ fancy, seems to move in the slow lane now, as the investors have concerns about the recent volatility. The excess domestic liquidity that is driving the market up is likely to face headwinds in the coming months. With the election calendar heavy for the next 12 months, the market is likely to feel the heat.

While frontline stocks are at a decent level, giving a feel of the overall market, there is some erosion in midcaps and small caps. One of the star portfolio fund managers, who is known for his small and micro cap picks, admits that, in the recent past, his calls have gone haywire. Looking at the present scenario, it has all the ingredients to show that the market is peaking out. The only good sign this time is that, unlike in the past rallies, stock indices are not moving up too high or too fast – which means that the corrections would not be deep. But the pain is likely to be there; be ready for that!

 

In the first article we have seen the scary stock market predictions done by linear regression model. The linear regression predicted that the stock market will not grow in next ten years. Year on year returns from the stock market will be near zero in next ten years. These somewhat non digestible predictions came because we tried to fit the stock market in a first degree polynomial equation i.e. a straight line. As we know the growth of a stock market is never linear like a line, hence, we should not use first degree linear equations here. We need higher order polynomial equations.

In statistics, polynomial regression is a form of regression analysis in which the relationship between the independent variable x and the dependent variable y is modelled as an nth degree polynomial in x. Polynomial regression fits a nonlinear relationship between the value of x and the corresponding conditional mean of y, denoted E(y |x), and has been used to describe nonlinear phenomena such as the growth rate of tissues, the distribution of carbon isotopes in lake sediments, and the progression of disease epidemics.

Here, I have used a polynomial equation of degree five as a mathematical model.  Let's see, how does it perform and what are its predictions. The equation of degree five is like this,  y = c0 + c1.x**1 + c2.x**2+....+ c5.x**5

The first thing we need is the historical data. We can download it from https://www.bseindia.com/indices/IndexArchiveData.html . I have downloaded the data from year 1989 to the current date. The downloaded data sheet has total five columns;  Date, Open, High, Low and Close. For simplicity we are deleting three columns Open, High and Low from the data sheet and keep only Date and Close columns.  

Following  is the complete python code. The code is commented enough to explain each and every aspect of this problem. Copy paste it on your python IDE and run it to see the predictions in graphical format.

What does this above image tell us?

X-axis of the graph shows the dates from year 1989 to year 2029 and the Y-axis shows the market closing price.

The graph in the blue color displays the close price history from year 1989 to year 2019. The graph in the red represents the best fit polynomial equation of degree five for the market data. The graph in the green is the future predictions.

What are the predictions ?

Prediction graph analysis:

Curves have always been smarter objects on this planet. Here also they are showing some degree of smartness.  In this exercise we have moved little bit closer to the reality. If you look at the graph; you can see now the red line is turning with the market numbers. It is not as straight as it was with the linear regression.  However, the overall picture predicted by fifth order polynomial equation is also gloomy, only 4% CAGR from the market in next ten years is still horrible.  

Can we rely on these numbers? Are regression techniques capable to solve this problem or do we need someone better?  Like a prophet to do time series prophecies. I mean the Prophet!!  Yes, the Prophet is coming in my next article to do better predictions. Till then happy predicting.....

References:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polynomial_regression

Whenever people ask me what my favorite TV show was as a kid, I pause to decide whether to reveal my secret shame or not. While I loved cartoons and still remember the theme song to "The Golden Girls," what I was addicted to at ten years old was CNBC. I loved hearing the anchors' over-the-top voices and feeling the drama of the bulls and bears fighting it out.

Thank goodness I got over that phase because watching CNBC as an adult isn't always fun. The last few months, in particular, for technology stocks have been a bit less relaxing than watching Betty White (may she rest in peace) hang out with her friends from back in the day. 

But even though the stock market may be on an uncertain trajectory, it turns out one of the key metrics driving valuations in SaaS stocks remains the same: Net Revenue Retention (NRR).

A little refresher in case you are new here. Net Revenue Retention or NRR is a metric that measures how much your existing customers are growing. You take the total recurring revenue for a set of clients at the end of a period (e.g., a year) and divide it by the same recurring revenue for those clients at the beginning of the period. Whether it's more users or additional features, it considers the amount a given company's customer base is growing. If you had ten customers and one churned, but the other nine doubled their spending, then the NRR would be 180%.

NRR has been the primary focus of the Sales and Customer Success teams for years. The Sales team goes out and gets you new customers and hopefully expands your current customers. The Customer Success team ensures that those customers are receiving their desired outcomes and getting value from your product. And then when the renewal is due, either Sales or Customer Success (depending on who owns the renewal cycle and how your org is structured) secure that renewal, upsell, and cross-sell opportunity. 

However, it's no secret that other teams like Product, Marketing, Support, and your entire company should also own NRR. Marketing drives NRR through communicating customer value, finding advocates, and enhancing engagement. Product drives NRR by delivering and solving customer pain points and challenges. Ultimately, your entire company needs to own NRR.

Latane Conant, CMO at 6sense, wrote a blog about how Marketing teams should be obsessed over NRR. In addition to customer acquisition, teams need to be driving customer marketing with customer programs such as networking and user groups, creating use cases to drive adoption in areas that some customers might know of, and helping CSMs engage with key decision-makers to make sure they are aware of those programs and use cases. 

We analyzed the data from Clouded Judgement that reports Net Retention metrics to understand their relationship with revenue multiples* (EV / NTM Revenue).

The results below indicate a clear positive relationship between a company's NRR and EV / NTM Revenue ratio. The regression coefficient of 0.63% suggests that each percentage point increase in NRR is associated with a ~0.63x change in a company's revenue multiple.

This relationship appears throughout the dataset. For example, the companies in the top half of the NRR distribution show an average EV / Revenue multiple of ~21x, while those in the bottom half show only ~10x. 

NRR is the next stepping stone in the growth of companies. And NRR isn't just owned by one team - it's the entire company from Sales to Customer Success to Marketing to Product. A few years ago, you would have been hard-pressed to find those three letters in the annual reports of publicly traded SaaS companies. Now, you find that ~70% of public cloud companies are adding in their NRR rates to their SEC filings. NRR is here, and Wall Street is taking notice. That is good news for us, especially if you're stuck still trying to figure out how much your dividends will payout.

Notes:

*EV / NTM multiple data was pulled from Clouded Judgement on Jan 28, 2022; Net retention data is based on the latest company filings as of Jan 31, 2022, using data listed either as net retention rate or net dollar expansion rate.

Experts feel India’s stock market rally still has some upside left. Here’s what’s driving this optimism.

Many investors shun equity completely to avoid risk. All who do so run the risk of having their returns eaten up almost entirely by inflation. Equity investment does come with risk, with high short-term volatility, but no one should invest in the stock market for the short-term and no one has good knowledge on stock market risk & returns. It’s a long-term investment that can deliver sizable returns, greater than even property while offering high liquidity. The two most common ways to invest in equity is through the stock market and through mutual funds. Let’s understand which one you’re more suited to.

You can make lots of money investing in the stock market. Ask anyone who invested in Infosys in the early ’90s or Reliance in the ’80s. There’s so much money to be made that a salaried professional would wonder why he doesn’t give up the 9-to-5 and just invest in equity. But there’s a catch, of course. Stock market investment takes skill, effort, and time, failing which, you could end up losing a lot of money.

Traders vs investors: People who invest in the stock market can be divided into two types: traders and investors. Traders seek to make a profit from the difference between today’s and tomorrow’s prices. This takes special skills and is also time-consuming and risky. An investor, on the other hand, does away with short-term fluctuations by staying invested for the long term.

While trading is surely not for most people, a long-term investment can be considered by those willing to put in the time and effort it takes to study companies’ fundamentals and technical indicators of growth. As you’re doing it all on your own, you keep the gains entirely (minus what you pay a broker, for a Demat account, or in tax, if any).

Mutual funds offer most of the gains of the stock market — at a small price. Instead of learning about the market and the following sectors/companies, you simply pay professional investors to grow your money. You continue with your life and job while your money grows along with the market. The money you invest is pooled along with the funds of millions of others like you to create a fund (hence, mutual fund).

If you’re the type of investor who doesn’t like a risk but understands the risk inherent in safer investments, equity mutual funds are a good way to get going with this asset class. For a small fee, your money is managed and growing.

Diversification: Moreover, mutual funds allow diversification within the stock market. Whereas you’re risking your money on one particular company when you buy shares, a mutual fund is a pooled investment. One mutual fund will have investments in several stocks. So if one company has a poor quarter or gets bad PR over a year, your money is not fully exposed to it. For example, when Satyam’s stock crashed, their shareholders would have lost a lot, whereas mutual fund investors would not lose much less.

To put it succinctly, therefore, stock market investment is for those with an understanding of the markets and the time to keep track of how a company is performing. Mutual fund investment requires less specialized knowledge and involves less effort.

Since you’re wondering whether you should invest in mutual funds or the stock market, we’ll assume you’re new to equities altogether. In case you’re still wondering about the stock market risk & returns, here you should know about some benefits of mutual funds.

Tax benefits: Equities are the most effective instruments from the perspective of taxation. Dividends are exempt from tax. Dividend Distribution Tax is not applicable. There is no capital gains tax if held for a period of one year. Even short-term capital gain is subject to a flat rate of 15%. The rules are the same irrespective of direct investment in equity or through mutual funds.

Beats inflation: The good part of investing in equities is that they give inflation-beating returns (on a conservative basis) over the long term. The guy who is running the grocery store may be making more money than the young software professional. That is because the returns are much higher in business. In most cases, even if the investment is made at high valuations, but in good stocks, the investor earns a decent return over the long run. On the other hand, your average FD offers returns that leave you worse off after tax. This may be a bigger risk than the risk involved in equity investment.

No interest rate reduction risks: Sure, equity has its own risks, but mostly over the short term. On the other hand, with non-equity investments, you run the risk of interest rate reduction. Economists tend to reduce interest rates so that businesses can flourish. Have you realized, though, that all your fixed income instruments, such as post office savings schemes, fixed deposits, and bonds all have lower yields as a result? And if your FD matures when interest rates are at 5-6%, your money doesn’t even keep pace with inflation. Equity mutual funds may give poor returns over a couple of quarters, but over the long term, you’re very likely to see double-digit returns.

The most disturbing reason for investing in equity is investor desire (or ‘greed’) to make quick profits. Equity investments are the best asset category for building wealth, but they are no “get rich quick” solutions. You may get ‘tips’ from so-called experts, but if you think that a stock or mutual fund will double or triple in a few days, get it out of your mind quickly. Equity investment is for the long term. If you have a financial commitment for the next 5 years, it is preferable to park the money in debt. Equity is strictly for long term investors and has stock market risks & returns. The technical definition of long term is more than 10 years. For those not in it for the long haul, equity is the best choice.

Almost everybody can invest in equity. The only exception is a person who needs money in the short term. If there are financial goals falling due within the next 5 years (retirement, children’s education, etc), it is preferable to move investments (or at least a large portion) into debt.

To tackle the various risks associated with equity, such as the study of the business, valuation of such business, etc it is highly recommended that professional help is taken. The JamaWealth.com Equity advisory is one such service.

Whether it is equity or equity-oriented direct mutual funds, investment in equity should be for a time horizon in excess of 5 years. Of course, mutual funds allow the flexibility to liquidate investments at any time, but the realization of financial goals can happen only by allowing equity to work over a reasonably long timeframe.

There cannot be a generalized asset allocation for one and all. A professional investment advisor such as a Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) will help you arrive at the right allocation. RIAs are registered with the Stock Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and play a fiduciary role. This means that they are focused on giving you the right interest for a fee. It is illegal for them to make any commission income.

Equity is an asset class that provides inflation-beating returns. One should not ignore or avoid equity investments considering equity is risky. As we’ve explained, there is a risk in fixed income securities, too.

Mutual Funds are having actively managed Stocks. They provide great diversification than Stocks. However many mutual funds carry the risk of over diversification which greatly reduces returns over time.

If you have access to a competent and professional equity advisor who does not make side-income on your money (eg: brokerages), then equity investing is a very good option.

Visit: Jamā Wealth for a FREE PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS

This article first appeared on Valuewalk.

“I’m a confidence man. I give people confidence, they give me their money.”

-         Marius Josipovic, Sneaky Pete, Season 1, Episode 1

When it comes to investment products, nothing sells as quick as the possibility of quick profits. The Dalal Street understands this phenomenon all too well. It is no surprise then that investment advisors and investment product salesmen are quick to whip out numbers like a 16% annual return from Indian stock markets. In this article, we show why you should not place much confidence in such assertions.

Be careful of simplistic thinking and authoritarian aura

A few years ago, Baijnath visited the offices of an investment advisor. This person had a board behind his desk showing the progression of BSE Sensex every ten years. His big idea – Sensex goes up five times every ten years! Who knows, maybe his expectation of Sensex reaching 100,000 by 2020 still has enough time to turn out to be right.

This kind of simplistic analysis is dangerous to your wealth. However, when combined with an aura of knowledge, frequently created by throwing about idioms and sayings, it gets the commissions flowing for the advisor. As Marius’s quote highlighted, it gives people confidence.

However, this raises a few questions that any rational investor should have. For example, where did those numbers come from? Are they grounded in economic outcomes? Do they represent the return we should expect? Or are they just plain baloney?

The Year 1979: That special year

The first thing to note about that return of 16% is that it not incorrect. Just as for a joke to be funny, it has to use some version of a truth, for a lie to be believable, it has to be based upon the truth. As Marius Josipovic said[1], “The trick is, you use the truth when you wanna tell a lie.”

Between April 1979 and March 2015, BSE Sensex grew at a compounded rate of 14.9% p.a.[2] That’s the truth that the myth of Indian stock market’s return of 15%+ is based upon. However, as we discuss, this is an incorrect number to rely upon as it ignores the big economic reset that the Indian economy experienced in 1991. Table 1 shows the decade-wise performance of the BSE Sensex since April 1, 1979. As is seen, the first two decades were associated with much higher performance than the next two. Importantly, much of the high performance of the second decade was driven by the period until 1991; the pre-liberalization period.

Table 1: Sensex – Decade Wise Returns Since April 1979

Source: Bombay Stock Exchange[3], MAEG’s calculations

The Year 1992: The correct start date

When calculating the rate of growth of any time series that has a variable rate of growth, both the choice of the starting as well as the ending point has a significant influence on the rate of growth derived. The reason why Dalal Street chooses that arbitrary start date as being in 1979 is because it yields a higher rate of growth. However, as we list below, there are several reasons to ignore the equity market returns in the period before 1992.

#1. The Sensex itself didn’t exist in 1979. It was launched in January 1986[4]. If we calculate the return from January 1986 to March 2020, the full period return drops to 12.1%. This compares to 14.9% annual return when calculated from 1979 onwards; a rather significant drop of nearly three percentage points.

#2. The Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) was established in April 1992[5].

#3. The process of liberalization of the Indian economy started in 1991 with the IMF and the World Bank bailing out the Indian Government in December 1991. Table 2 shows the pre and post liberalization returns for the Sensex. The differences are rather stark. During the pre-liberalization period of 1979 to 1991, Sensex rose by a factor of 19 times; a rather stunning move in a timeframe of just about 13 years. This equated to an annualized return of 26.0%.

However, the returns since then have been lower by a magnitude of more than half. In the period starting from 1992, a timeframe of nearly 28 years, the Sensex rose by about 15 times; a lower total increase than the pre-liberalization era, and in nearly twice the time. The annualized returns; a much more muted 10.2%.

As discussed previously, the rate of annualized return calculation process is affected by the choice of start and end dates. Equity markets do not go up in a straight line. Instead, they fluctuate around their trend values; at times, in extreme zones. The appropriate way to approximate the “underlying” rate of change is to instead use trend values. In Table 2, the last column reports the annualized trend rate which is different from the CAGR for the two time periods. The post-liberalization period is associated with an annual trend rate of 11.3%.

Table 2: Sensex – Pre-Liberalization and Post-Liberalization Returns

Source: Bombay Stock Exchange[6], MAEG’s calculations

As the common adage goes, a picture is worth a thousand words. And so is the picture below. Figure 1 shows the Sensex since 1979 along with the trend value as well as our upper limit and lower limit bands around the trend value. As is highlighted by the vertical red line, the trajectory of the trend shifted downwards post 1991.

Figure 1: Sensex, Trend Values, and Upper and Lower Limits

Source: Bombay Stock Exchange[7], MAEG’s calculations

NIFTY 50 Index – Since inception performance

For an alternative picture, let’s take a look at the NIFTY 50 index; an index that started much later. Table 3 shows the returns of the NIFTY 50 index for the first two decades of its existence, the last four years in the ongoing third decade, and the full period. As against the widely touted Sensex’s numbers, NIFTY’s returns since inception paint a somewhat different picture with a full period return of 9.4% per annum and the annualized trend rate of 12.8%. In that same period, the Sensex also sports a very similar performance.

Table 3: NIFTY 50 Index – Returns Since Inception

Source: Investing.com[8], MAEG’s calculations

What we see above is that as against the high double digit numbers usually talked about, the NIFTY has compounded at a rate of 9.4%; a difference of about five percentage points when compared to the Sensex’s return from 1979 onwards. Much as Figure 1 earlier, Figure 2 shows the NIFTY along with its trend values over time.

Figure 2: NIFTY, Trend Values, and Upper and Lower Limits

Source: Investing.com[9], MAEG’s calculations

Economic liberalization – Why is it important for Indian stock market returns

As we discussed in one of our earlier articles (here), “Pre-liberalization, businesses that existed were likely earning returns well above cost of capital, as there were significant barriers to entry driven by government policies and the license-raj system . However, as the economy started to open, it would have been logical to expect returns on capital to be driven lower since competition, both from local as well as international players, was about to increase.”

The key point to understand is that before liberalization, businesses existed in a controlled environment. In the post-liberalization period, competition increased driving down the underlying returns on capital of businesses operating in the economy.

Summary

While the Dalal Street is quick to use 1979 as the starting point when talking about Indian equity returns, the year 1992 serves as a key point of break in returns on capital. Note that the returns that investors enjoy from equities can be approximated as a function of i) the initial valuation, ii) the underlying return of the business, and iii) the terminal/exit valuation. Over extended periods of time, contribution of change in valuation levels is rather muted. It is the underlying returns on capital that decide the return on equities.

As the liberalization drove returns on capital of businesses lower, it also resulted in lower ongoing returns from equities. Accordingly, we contend that it is the 1992 onwards return that is the right proxy for ongoing Indian equity market returns. As seen, the trend return from Indian equities post 1991 is 11.3% annualized. We suggest that the next time your advisor starts with 1979 as the reference point for equity returns, refer them to this article and ask them for 1992 onwards returns.

 _____________________________

Through this series of articles, we will make an effort to dispel some common investing myths and misconceptions. Many of these have significant adverse impact on the financial outcomes of your portfolio. However, they do serve to benefit the cheque books of some of certain intermediaries whose livelihood depends on you staying rooted in these myths.

Our sincere hope is that this series of notes will help to dispel some of these myths. The next time your financial advisor tries to impart confidence to you, please hold on to your money tightly.

____________________________________

[1] Sneaky Pete, Season 2, Episode 9

[2] All returns in this article are calculated in Indian rupee terms. Further, we have not included the impact of dividends in our analysis.

[3] https://www.bseindia.com/Indices/IndexArchiveData.html

[4] The S&P BSE Sensex was launched on January 2nd, 1986. Source: https://www.bseindia.com/static/about/History_Milestones.html

[5] The Securities and Exchange Board of India was established on April 12, 1992 in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992. Source: https://www.sebi.gov.in/about-sebi.html

[6] https://www.bseindia.com/Indices/IndexArchiveData.html

[7] https://www.bseindia.com/Indices/IndexArchiveData.html

[8] https://www.investing.com/indices/s-p-cnx-nifty-historical-data

[9] https://www.investing.com/indices/s-p-cnx-nifty-historical-data

How many of us feel really connected to the stock market. I bet there is at least a substantial number of us who don't. I can also bet that there are a substantial number who earlier were almost addicted but that interest has of late been waning (as they pull out of the investments). 

I have always, for some reasons, disbelieved the stock markets. I think they are too much of a gambling den for me to chew and digest. I just cannot fathom a market where there are very few original value creators but very many traders on these value creators. Something is fundamentally not right with it. 

And as I have understood it more from the inside-outside, I think I have more sophisticated reasons that have only bolstered this disbelief. 

It was therefore a pleasant surprise today to read about the views echoed by the Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Charlie Munger in this article. Here I quote from it -

"There's way, way too much of that in America. And too much of the new wealth has gone to people who either own a casino or are playing in a casino. And I don't think the exaltation of that group has been good for life generally, and I am to some extent a member of that group."

"I'm always afraid I'll be a terrible example for the youth who want to make a lot of money with and not do much for anybody else and who just want to be shrewd about buying little pieces of paper. Even if you do that very honestly, I don't consider it much of a life. Just being shrewd about buying little pieces of paper, shrewder than other people, is not an adequate life. It's not a good example for other people."

It was amazing to read form the doyens of the markets expressing similar dis-beliefs. My views may be trivial but it may be difficult to dismiss these views. 

There has been a considerable drop in the retail participation in the stock markets. According to SEBI's Elusive Retail Investor Report 

Why is retail investor not interested in the Stock Market?

The answer lies in the lack of trust. The stock market does not exuber trust. Not just in India but across the globe. The occupy Wall Street movement is only an indication of how deep this dis-trust runs. It's serious, deep and has potential to divide society as well. 

The stock markets are perceived as gambling dens. We gamble once in a while just for fun, but that cannot be the mainstay of our investments. 

The original stock markets were interestingly created to enable primary market access for companies and investors. It was created for participation and mutual growth. Today, they are all about high frequency trading, (higher than you and I can think), algo trading and what not. It is about 'technical analysis' - something that has hardly any technical angle to it - it's simple investor pattern analysis and betting on the patterns. As an engineer, I hate the abuse of the word 'technical' by these folks. But then it's only me. Is it? 

I personally have always invested in Startups - pure grit, value and growth. I personally have not yet grown but my resolve to learn and do better hasn't. If I will, I would still put most of my money in startups. And I think I'm not alone there. This tribe who believe in real, fundamental investing, has only been growing.

Interestingly and unfortunately, the regulator thinks otherwise. They have somehow developed a belief that the stock market is the best and safest way to invest - probably simply because this is what the regulate and understand very well. This comfort in their understanding has led to investors moving away. 

This is a very very undesirable situation, to say the least. Consider this -
1. People have moved away their investments from Stock Exchanges
2. The Stock Exchanges have become traders (gambling) den
3. Regulator has moved every license and innovation to the Stock Exchanges 
4. People are left with very little ways and means to invest their hard earned money. 

I would end with a note on what have we done to 'Be the Change' that we wanted to see. The very idea of GREX was rooted in financial openness, inclusion and growth. We are creating a new fundamental market for people to become participative in growth curve of companies. At GREX, we have always believed in informed investing and therefor the concept in Information Exchange (INFEX) is at the core of the very idea of GREX. 

And oh, by the way, let me share a piece of grapevine. There was a recent complaint about us (apparently). We have learnt from our sources that one of the stock exchanges was not very comfortable with us and thus made a 'friendly' complaint.

Well. Not sure if this is good news or bad. I'd consider this as coming of age. 

Hi Guys,

In chapter 3 of Stock Market basics, we understood why a company performs corporate actions like Bonus, Dividend, and split and how does it create value for investors. Now in this blog, we will understand what is Market Capital, Earning Per Share (EPS) and how do we use EPS to calculate Price to earnings (P/E), understand Book Value, and finally the Price to Book Value (P/B.V).

Let’s understand the above concepts by taking 2 tyre stocks MRF and CEAT.

If we look at the current market price of MRF it is Rs 73880 /- and the current market price of CEAT is Rs 1135/-. Now investors think that both are tyre stocks but MRF is so expensive compared to CEAT so it would be a better option to buy CEAT instead of MRF, but that should not be our thought process when we want to purchase a stock. I will the thesis with the below facts, if you look into the returns these stocks have generated over the last 5 years, MRF grew by 39 % whereas CEAT de-grew by 11 %. So we should not blindly go by the stock price but also need to understand other factors like Market Cap, EPS, P/E, P/BV, etc.

Now let’s see what is Market Capital. In simple definition Market capital is the value of the outstanding shares of a company. Let’s say company X’s share price is Rs 100/- and it has 100000 outstanding shares, then the market capitalization of the company is Rs 100 * 100000 = 1 Cr.

So what is the significance of knowing the Market capitalization of a company? If we take 2 tyre stocks MRF and Balkrishna Industries(BKT), the current market price of MRF is 73880/- and Balkrishna Industries is 2200/-

Now a majority of investors think that MRF is a big company as compared to Balkrishna Industries looking at the share price. But in reality, it’s now, Balkrishna Industries is a big company compared to MRF, look at the market capitalization of these 2 stocks.

So we should not simply look at share price but also need to factor in the Market cap to decide whether the company is big or not in terms of Market Capital, but market capitalization does not alone make the share attractive to buy, we need to consider other factors also.

Earnings Per Share (EPS): In simple terms, EPS is the ratio of the earnings of the company and the total outstanding shares. Let’s say a company X has earned 1 lakh profit and the company has 1000 outstanding shares. So the EPS will be 100000/1000 = Rs 100 /-. So for every share of company X, it is earning Rs 100/-. Below are the EPS of some companies.

The main use of EPS is to calculate the P/E ratio which is also called as Price to Earnings ratio.

In simple terms, the P/E ratio is the amount investors are willing to pay for every 1 rs earned by the company. Let’s say a company X with a current market price of Rs 1000 /- has earned 1 lakh profit and the company has 1000 outstanding shares. So the EPS will be 100000/1000 = Rs 100 /-. Now the P/E will be CMP/100 = 10, So investors are ready to pay Rs 10 and buy the stock of X for every 1 Rs profit earned by the company. So generally a company with low P/E is preferred but we do need to consider other factors also.

Note: Never compare 2 companies in different sectors based on their P/E, we should not compare an FMCG stock with Energy or a Telecom stock with Tyre stock based on P/E, we should always compare 2 or multiple stocks in the same sector based on P/E because different sectors have different dynamics and hence different P/E.

Now let’s understand what is book value?

we have company X with a Current market price of 200 and the promoters want to close the company completely. Now if they want to close the company they need to clear all the debts they have. So they cleared all the debts and now they are left with 1 Cr money. So this 1 Cr is called the Total book value of the company, now if the company has 100000 shares of the company then the Book Value will be 1cr/100000 = 100. So the book value is 100.

Now the Price to Book value will be CMP/Book Value = 200/100 = 2. So investors should pay 2 rs for the company for every 1 rs they have. So always a lower P/B.V is preferred but we need to consider other factors also.

So this I hope we are clear on the above concepts.

If you like my content and if you feel it is helpful to you and others please like and share this blog.

Cheers,

Chenna

Investing in the stock market in India is undoubtedly a good investment option for generating good returns when you have a long term perspective.

Although volatile in the short term, the stock markets in India are stable over the long term. To give you an example, over 5 years between April 2014 to Mar 2019, Nifty has generated a return of 72.93%. Looks impressive, isn’t it?

But you would be even more surprised to know that Research & Ranking’s model portfolio has generated even higher returns of 400.53% during the same period which you can check here.

On the other hand, if one would have invested in either gold or real estate, the returns would have been significantly lower at 12.33% and 25.30% respectively.

Of course, there are other risks too, with gold like chances of theft and cost of storage in the form of rent for bank lockers.

So investing for the long term in the share market in India is definitely a great investment idea.

But investing all your money in equities is definitely not a wise idea. Remember the golden rule we have been taught as a child ‘’Don’t put all your eggs in one basket.’’

So it makes sense to distribute your investment across multiple investment options. The idea behind this is to reduce the risk, which may arise if one particular investment fails to perform as expected.

There is no doubt equity has the power to generate superior returns over all asset classes. But it would be still advisable to divide your investments across the stock market in India and debt instruments after keeping some funds aside for an emergency.

History reveals a lot of valuable lessons — lessons which every investor in the share market in India should consider quite seriously.

The year 2008 saw one of the biggest global financial calamity triggered by the American sub-prime crisis, with markets across the world falling badly and wiping out investor wealth by huge margins. Indian share markets were severely affected too.

During the bull phase before the 2008 crisis, investors were so bullish on share market investments that apart from their own money, people even used borrowed money to invest.

When the markets crashed heavily, many investors not only suffered huge losses, but many investors were left in debt. As a result of losing all their money parked in share market investments, many people had to postpone their retirement, marriage or higher education of children and even sell the property to pay their debts. The situation was so bad that many people who could not pay their debts ended up committing suicide.

So the lesson an investor can learn from this is to divide his investments among multiple investment options as discussed above, such as the stock market in India, debt and emergency fund.

The best way to decide on the proportion of your investment in the stock market in India is by deducting your age from 100.

For example, if you are 30 years old, you can allocate 70% of your investments in the share market in India and rest 30% to debt or other instruments of your choice.

On the other hand, if you are closer to your retirement, your equity allocation should be restricted to 30–35% and the rest to debt as the time horizon for investment is quite less.

The whole point here is that the longer the time duration you have in hand for investing, the more you should allocate to equity.

Here are a few things you need to do while making share market investments:

Before investing your money in share market investments and other investment avenues, it is essential to maintain an emergency fund. An ideal amount would 3–6 months of your expenses as cash or in your savings account for emergency purposes.

It is imperative to do proper research and have a sound plan before making share market investments. If you don’t have the time or expertise to read financial reports of companies, you can seek professional expertise.

There are many external, economic conditions and global factors which can impact stock markets and stock prices.

It isn’t very easy for an investor to constantly monitor and track all these events and its impact on his investments. On the contrary, a financial advisory service which has their research team keeps a constant track of all those factors. Apart from that, research teams of financial advisory service also keep track of factors like earnings, growth, debt, scalability of operations of businesses.

These are the crucial factors which determine the price of the stock over longer terms. A novice investor neither has the time nor the expertise to do all this. In such circumstances, a retail investor should choose the professional advice of financial advisory service. 

Thanks for reading! 

Originally published at https://www.researchandranking.com. 

Also, To know more about the holistic approach of wealth creation, you can also check Research & Ranking’s Knowledge corner

These are 4 Common Indian Stock Market Myths you should definitely know about.

Myth #1 -There is absolutely no doubt that Warren Buffet is one of the best investors the world has ever seen but there is a common myth that he buys stocks and holds it forever as he himself once said that his favorite holding period is forever. As per Research done by John Hughes (Prof at University of California) of his holdings from 1980-2006 (Twenty six years) he found that the average holding period for Warren Buffet was only 1 year, with approximately ONLY 20% of stocks held for more than two years. About approximately 30% of stocks were sold within six months of purchase.

A lot of Investors know that Warren Buffett owns Shares of Coca-Cola but only a few Investors know that the Stock price of Coke was 43$ in 1998 and the Stock price is Same at 43$ today. (20 years later).

Conclusion of Myth #1- Warren Buffet only holds 20% of Stocks for more than 2 years and not all good companies are good stocks.

Myth #2 – Indian Equity is the Best Asset Class Ever- Nifty Started in 1994 and since then it has given a return of 10% CAGR which is 3% higher than the prevailing FD Rates of 7% but did you know that in 1995 the FD Rates of SBI was 13%. You could have easily beaten the Index by investing in a long Term Fixed Deposit. Secondly, you might have seen people comparing Gold and Sensex. When Nifty Started in 1994, the Sensex was 4400 and Gold was also 4400. Today Sensex is at 35000 whereas Gold is at 32000, not a lot of difference!

Conclusion Myth #2 – Diversified Asset Allocation decreases volatility of Returns though overall portfolio returns were not impacted much

Myth #3 – You probably might have received a Whatsapp forward that an investment of Rupees 10,000 Invested in Wipro in 1980 is worth 500 Crores today – Well have you ever received a message that an Investment of Rupees 10,000 in Wipro in year 2000 (18 years ago) is worth only Rupees 5,000 today? (-50%)

Conclusion Myth #3 – Market clearly Moves in Trends and Cycles hence we at Stallion Asset believe that Buy and rotate works better than Buy and Hold approach.

Myth #4- MutualFundSahiHai- It is True that Mutual funds have performed well and given 11% CAGR in last 10 years which is 3% better than the Index but did you know that the returns of Mutual Fund unit holders is just 4% CAGR in the last 10 years (Rough Calculation from AMFI Data till December 2016). According to Industry data, 43% of Retail Equity Mutual fund Investors changed their Scheme or sold their unit within 1 year whereas 62% sold mutual fund within 2 years. How much time you spend in a equity mutual fund is more important than “Kaunsa Mutual Fund”.

Conclusion – We don’t wish to undermine any asset Class but we want to highlight the reality of different asset classes. We at Stallion Asset believe that there is a lot of money to be made in the Indian Stock Market as we grow from an economy of 2.5 Trillion$ to 5 Trillion $ in the next 8 years but we need to select the right stocks. Indians will not double their use of sugar or tea in next 8 years, they would buy more Air Conditioners, more Mutual funds, More Cars etc.

Disclosure – Amit Jeswani & Family may or may not hold the stocks discussed. Please use this education purpose only and Stallion Asset won’t be responsible for data.

The above was written by Amit Jeswani, CFA, CMT (Founder of Stallionasset.com)

In general, the term 'stock market' is a place that enables the trading of company stocks. It is distinct from a stock exchange. The stock exchange is an entity (a corporation or mutual organizations) which is in the business of bringing buyers and sellers of stocks and securities together. The purpose of a stock exchange is to facilitate the exchange of securities between buyers and sellers, thus providing a marketplace, virtual or real. Just imagine how difficult it would be to sell shares, and at what a disadvantage you would be in if you had to call out to try and locate a buyer. It would be like trying to sell a house. Really, a stock exchange is nothing more than a super sophisticated farmers' market, providing a meeting place for buyers and sellers.

In India, the stock market does not have a physical presence; it's a virtual market. Gone are the days when share brokers assembled in a place called the trading ring and bought and sold shares; it was known as the outcry method. Technology has enabled the ring to be located on a central computer, which has millions of buyers and sellers attached to it through a telecommunication network. These buyers and sellers indicate their intentions through a computer at home or the office, their own or their broker's. Buyers' and sellers' orders are matched by the central computer, and if quantities and prices correspond, then a trade is set to be executed. The entire process of sending the order to the stock exchange computer, confirmation of the order, and execution, if any, is communicated within a fraction of a second.

What are Shares?

The share market deals in shares. A share is nothing but an ownership in a company. We have entrepreneurs and technocrats with business propositions that they want to concretize, convinced that they will make a lot of money if they're successful. They may not have sufficient capital for setting up the business, namely land, buildings and machinery, or for funding initial expenses. The investor steps in and provides capital to the company. This capital reaches the company in the form of a public issue, that is the company invites the general public to subscribe to the company's capital through purchase of its shares This is also called an IPO or Initial Public Offering.

The stock exchange supplies a platform from which to buy and sell shares in certain listed companies. It regulates the company's behavior through requirements agreed upon by the company in order to be listed. This is called a Listing Agreement, which ensures that the company provides all the information pertaining to its working from time to time, including events that affect its valuation, such as mergers, amalgamations and such other sensitive matters.

Large volumes are possible in these markets because of two things. One, the ease of settlements. The shares that are traded in are received and delivered through an electronic entry in the books of buyers and sellers. Crores of rupees worth of shares get exchanged by merely passing a debit and credit entry in the books of a Depository Company which has a beneficial ownership account of buyers and sellers.

The second reason is guarantee of trades. Since the introduction of Trade Guarantee Funds in 1996, there has never been a single hour's delay in the declaration of pay outs -- completion of the settlement process by collection of monies and securities due and their delivery to the recipients. Sellers get their money, buyers get their shares.

Despite large ups and downs in the market, brokers have never failed to honor their commitments to stock exchanges. If anyone fails to pay, there are enough margins available with the exchange to honor those commitments. This is unique in India and no other markets work with such efficiency. Such a long record of timely settlements has given much confidence to investors in India and abroad. This is also one of the reasons for growth in Foreign Institutional Investors' investments in India.

The stock market is one of the most important sources for companies to raise money. Experience has shown that the price of shares and other assets is an important part of the dynamics of economic growth. The Stock Market is also known as a barometer of the country's economy. The companies listed on stock exchanges collectively contribute to the country's GDP. If the company's financial performance is good then the share price of the company goes up. Rising prices leads to an increase in the index (collective measure of all share prices). Thus a rising index indicates that the economy is on a growth path. Participation in stock market also helps you participate in country's prosperity.

Have you invested in the Stock Markets before? I would love to hear your experiences.

Written By:

Deena A. Mehta - Managing Director

Asit C Mehta Investment Interrmediates Ltd

The Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) survey for non-manufacturing (AKA services) from the Institute for Supply Management showed a surprise pickup in July. The services index rebounded to 56.7 in July from 55.3 in June, the ISM reported on Wednesday, August 3.

This put an end to a string of three straight monthly drops in the index. (In this index any reading above 50 indicates expansion. Below 50 indicates contraction.) Economists polled by Reuters had forecast a decrease in the non-manufacturing PMI to 53.5.

This positive surprise comes after the Monday report from the ISM that the manufacturing sector showed a drop in July.

So what does the services sector surprise mean for the economy as a whole?

One reason to think that we were headed into a recession sooner rather than later was a slowdown in the service sector instead of the projected pick-up in the sector. That pickup in services was supposed to pick up the slack from a slowing manufacturing sector.

If growth in the service sector can hold this strength, it keeps alive the possibility of the much-desired soft landing with higher interest rates from the Federal Reserve vanquishing inflation without tipping the economy into recession.

“The ISM activity is consistent with GDP growth of close to 2% annualized, rather than the outright declines seen over the first half of the year,” Michael Pearce, senior U.S. economist at Capital Economics in New York told Reuters. “With borrowing costs down from their June peak, and falling gasoline prices likely to feed through to rising real disposable incomes, the immediate outlook for services is looking a little brighter.”

However, I would note that the PMI surveys are essentially measures of sentiment. The survey asks purchasing managers if they see conditions improving or worsening at their companies. One factor that probably supported a more optimistic read on the economy was the ISM’s measure of new orders received by service businesses. That subindex shot up to 59.9 from 55.6 in June.

Other subindexes were less positive. The ISM’s services industry employment gauge did improve, but only to 49.1 in July from 47.4 in June. The June number was the lowest reading since July 2020.

On the inflation front, a subindex of prices paid by services industries for inputs declined to 72.3, the lowest reading since February 2021, from 80.1 in June. The 7.8 percentage-point drop was the largest since May 2017. This suggests that purchasing managers believe inflation has peaked.

Posted August 22, 2022 @ 9:22 PM There are a lot of reasons to find the latest confrontation between the United States and China over Taiwan to be really scary.

But let me take a step back from the headlines to look under the hood of this crisis at one of the reasons that China has decided to rattle the saber so intensely at this particular time.

Sure, there’s the argument that China sees the United States and its allies “distracted” by the war in Ukraine. Sure, there’s the political situation in both countries that gives politicians a motive to push a confrontation. (Many China watchers think that to the extent Chinese President Xi Jinping faces any domestic challenge it comes from even more hard-line rightwing, xenophobic leaders of the Communist Party. The Biden administration is under pressure not to be “weak” on China.)

But what intrigues me about this crisis is what it suggests about the state of China’s economy.

The ideological campaigns of the Xi years have always felt like they were designed to divert attention from China’s domestic problems, from a slowing economy to a severely damaged ecosystem. It would be surprising if those “facts” didn’t play a big role in the current crisis. (I don’t mean to overlook the likelihood that the Biden administration has its own political and economic agenda playing out in this crisis.)

Which, of course, doesn’t make the current crisis any less scary. It might even make it more frightening.

Hope you are having a wonderful journey in stock market, In this blog we will try to understand 10 factors which can impact the Stock Market in Short Term and Long Term. These factors are very important to be understood by a long term investor and not to deviate from his long term goals considering the short term impact of these factors.

So here are those 10 factors which can impact the stock market in short term and long term

Media Coverage :

In short term media coverage on a particular stock can impact its performance. Though this is not predictable but the way media either news channels or social media gives information on a particular stock can change the retailers opinion and can force them to either take position or exit holdings in that stock.

Example 1 : Zomato IPO : Zomato is a classic example where most of the retailers were negative on its listing considering the company's past performance, but everything changed and it had a stellar listing thanks to Media.

Example 2: Tata motors : When big firms like Morgan Stanley gave extensive coverage on 11th October 2021, this stock rallied almost 50% from its current value.

Economic Data :

In short term economic data like GDP, Inflation, RBI meetings and even the US FEDERAL reserve meeting impacts the stock market. Market tries to discount the current economic data and will settle in short term after the euphoria.

Insider buying or selling :

when either of the promotor or the major shareholders buy or sell the stocks this creates a sentiment in market for short term. When they buy the stock it gives a signal that they are confident on their business and retailers tend to take positions in the stock and when they sell the stocks a negative sentiment creates and existing shareholders exit from their holdings. This impacts the stock in short term.

Example : ZEEL : When the news about ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala purchasing about 2% shares in ZEEL surfaced the stock rallied from 200 to around 400 in short term.

Public investor presentation :

When a company's management gives positive or negative commentary about any stock this will impact the stock performance in short term. When Tata motors openly informed about the Semiconductor chip shortage in their con-call the entire auto industry stocks reacted and corrected heavily. This impacts the stock in short term

Quarterly results beats/miss estimates :

When companies declare their quarterly results, stock react either positively or negatively based on the estimates going in the current market. If they beat the estimates then stock reacts positively and if they miss the estimates the stock corrects from the current levels. This impacts the stock in short term.

Government policies or incentives :

When government announces incentives like PLI Scheme ( Production linked Incentives) or Anti-dumping duties then stocks reacts positively, DIXON Technology is a classic example which benefited from PLI scheme. Govt policies like increasing taxes on tobacco can also impact the stocks like ITC or Morris Phillips negatively. This impacts the stock in short term.

Fund Flows :

When large investment institutions or Equity players invest regularly, a healthy fund flow happens and this will create a supply demand gap and in turn can create an impact on the stocks in short term.

CEO's Interviews or Tweets :

When CEO's give interview on national media like CNBC or ZEE business, market tries to pull out some information and tend to predict the future which in turn impacts the stock in short term.

Revenue / Profit Growth :

When companies consistently deliver healthy growth in Revenue and Profit this impacts the stock in the long term. We can see examples of Asian Paint , Pidilite Industries etc who consistently show growth in both revenue and profits, this is the main reason why we call them long term multi-baggers.

Sector Outlook :

The overall sector outlook can impact the stocks in the long term. Take the concept of EV ( Electric vehicle) theme, most of the EV stock sectors like Auto stocks , chemical stocks , battery manufacturer etc are showing growth in their value and will probably impact positively in the long term.

If you like this content and feel that this is helpful to you and others then please share this blog.

KC Mathews, Chief Investment Officer

J. Eric Kelley, Director of Research

 Wouldn’t it be nice to have a crystal ball that forecasts the future of the stock market—a tool that would help investors experience fewer surprises and mitigate risk? While no one will ever be able to look into a glass orb to see what’s ahead, there is something investors can monitor to help identify stock market shifts – the bond market.

Reading the Fixed Income Variables

There are two fixed-income variables that have a strong track record of predicting looming recessions and significant changes in the stock market direction: the slope of the yield curve and high-yield spreads. When evaluating these two variables, if one changes course, it signals a yellow flag. If they both change at the same, time, then a shift in the market can be expected.

Yield Curve Predictions for the Market and the Economy

The slope of the yield curve, the difference between the two-year and the 10-year Treasury yields, has a virtually perfect track record of predicting oncoming recessions.

Historically, there is a lag effect—once the yield curve flattens and becomes inverted (long rates lower than short rates), the economy goes into a recession within 12 to 24 months.

Why is this important? Equity bear markets (when stocks are down 20 percent or more) are associated with recessions. In recessions, economic activity slows and companies’ sales decline, leading to a contraction in earnings that results in a stock market debacle.

The yield curve has been flattening over the past few years. Currently, the spread is 50 basis points, but it does not appear that the yield curve will invert, meaning we believe that neither an economic recession nor an equity bear market will occur in 2018.

We anticipate the economy will continue to move along at an increasing pace, creating more competition for workers and higher wages. This should keep interest rates moving up, and will modestly increase the yield curve slope throughout this year. However, we are closely watching the yield curve slope for an inversion, as this will be a yellow flag for the economy and markets.

High-Yield Spread Warning Signs

Spreads on high-yield bonds are another great barometer for oncoming pressure in the stock markets. These spreads show the difference in yield between low-grade corporate bonds (junk bonds) and U.S. treasury notes.

The spread tends to widen (increase) before major sell-offs in the stock market, and typically occurs several months before the stock market peaks and begins a downward cycle. The last four major changes in the equity market were preceded by a widening of high-yield spreads.

Currently, high-yield spreads are anchored near cyclical lows and are showing no warning signs that a significant negative cycle for stocks is close at hand. Historically, when spreads materially widen, it is also a yellow flag.

2018 The Crystal Ball Conclusion

There is no crystal ball when it comes to predicting stock prices. However, as outlined, the bond market provides clear warning signals to monitor. If the yield curve inverts and high-yield spreads widen at the same time, this is a red flag that signals the economic cycle and the bull market are close to a material change of direction. Currently, this is not the case.

At this time, both of these indicators are sending the “all clear” signal. We are deep into this economic expansion, so we are watching these signals very closely. As we’ve seen in the past, they might once again provide important warning signs that lead us to reduce equity exposure. In the meantime, it appears that 2018 should be another year for reasonable equity market returns.

Every investor in the Indian stock market fears the bears. The problem is, it is almost impossible to know when it is coming, how long it will last, which sectors and companies it will affect the most and how it will affect our stock market investment portfolio. And when the bears come and hit the investment portfolio, many investors exit from the Indian stock markets, vouching never to reinvest.

This is one of the most prominent mistake stock market investors make– due to fear, they're even ready to sell good stocks in losses. The complete opposite of the winning strategy – Buy low, sell high.

However, there is no reason to fear and be alarmed! In this story, I will not only tell you how to survive the bears but also create wealth from it!

I visited a nearby mall last weekend and came across colossal discount signs everywhere. Flat 50% Off, Flat 70% Off and so on. No wonder the mall was over-crowded with shoppers eagerly jostling for space, trying to grab a piece of their favourite merchandise before stocks ran out.

What is the reason behind this massive surge in sales? DISCOUNT is the keyword here.

Now, what exactly does a discount mean? The discount means we are getting the same thing or stuff at a lower price. We all love discounts when it comes to clothes, electronics, vehicles or even our day-to-day groceries.

Unfortunately, the same principle is not applicable in the Indian stock market. When there is a correction or discounts during the bear markets, many investors isolate the Indian stock market.

A significant stock market fall is an excellent opportunity to buy quality stocks at bargain prices. 

When you buy a good stock at a discount price, the probability of making profits are much higher. But unfortunately what happens, in reality, is just the opposite.

As I wrote earlier, the majority of stock market investors panic and sell their stocks even if it means selling for a loss. It is the fear of losing money which triggers such an irrational decision. It is a scientifically proven fact that due to fear, people do absurd and illogical things to avoid making losses.

Why Fear Is Not As Bad As You Think?

Let's now take a scientific look at fear. Fear is an emotion triggered by a region of the brain called the amygdala. Even as the reaction starts in mind, the human body tries to make adjustments resulting in fight or flight mode.

Majority of investors in the stock market in India, opt for flight mode and end up selling their investments to prevent further losses or move to safer alternatives such as FD’s which offer low returns. In this process, they end up losing on the gains of remaining invested when the market bounces back again.

Emotions and investing don’t go hand in hand. Fear is one of the greatest enemies of investors.

To better understand this, let me give you some real examples.

After the collapse of IL&FS in Sep 2018, banks became cautious about lending money to NBFCs resulting in a liquidity crunch across the market. The IL&FS crisis created panic among stock market investors and triggered a large scale dumping of NBFC stocks.

There was widespread fear that an 'IL&FS-like' situation was emerging across NBFCs. As a result Nifty corrected from 11,738 points in Aug 2018, falling to 10,030 levels in Oct 2018, which is a fall of 14-15% in just two months.

But what happened next in the Indian stock markets? By June 2019, Nifty not only recovered but touched a new high of 12,088.

Introduction of an FPI surcharge in Budget 2019 and fears of further escalation in US-China war resulted in a massive correction in Indian stock markets with Nifty falling from 12,088 in June 2019 to 10,670 levels in Sept 2019.

But what happened next? With the rollback of FPI surcharge and de-escalation of USA-China trade war crisis, stock markets in India bounced back quickly with Nifty touching new highs of 12,333 on 14th Jan 2020.

There are many similar examples such as the Global Financial Crisis of 2008, when Nifty corrected from 6,278 levels in Jan 2008 to 2,524 levels in Oct 2008. However, active economic measures undertaken by the government helped stock markets recover, and Nifty touched a new high of 6,312 by Nov 2010.

Let's take a consolidated look of Nifty for the last 20 years.

By looking at the above data is quite evident that fear is a useless emotion in the stock market in India, as investors who feared and exited their stock market investments lost out on significant gains when the tide turned.

Fear is often the outcome of our past experiences or experiences of others we come across. But in stock market investments, one need not fear if invested in quality stocks. So rather than looking at bear markets with fear, consider it as an opportunity to invest more.

To conclude always remember, real fortunes in the stock market are made during times of economic distress or market corrections.

A perfect quote to summarize this by legendary investor Warren Buffet is - "If I see a sale in my favourite store, I go and buy some more of the stuff I like."

So next time you come across a stock market correction, rejoice and take your money bags out to go shopping in the Indian stock market.

These are the thoughts taken from an article published by my team on our knowledge corner.

Also, If you are looking for time-tested wealth creation strategies, click here now.

According to the Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. (PSE), the total stock market accounts grew by 25.4% in 2018 to 1,089,443 accounts, much higher than the 868,810 accounts in 2017. Historically, more and more Filipinos are open to investing through the stock market.

A Glimpse of Filipino Gambling Culture

Stock market investing and trading is like a gambling game and we can date the Filipino culture of gambling back to the Spanish era. Filipinos tend to love the idea of “easy money”, the idea of accumulating wealth in a short span of time with minimal to no effort at all. From the introduction of cock fighting to the present sudden surge of Philippine offshore gaming operators (POGOs), and with the growing popularity of online stock trading hitting its 1 million mark, Filipinos have already instilled gambling deep in our culture.

From a simple, harmless pastime and the excitement that it brings, it is associated by some Filipinos as a source of income. Filipinos, no matter how hard and resilient we work, have poor financial lifestyle that still continues. And that probably is one of the reasons why Filipinos love to gamble. We look for new hopes to improve lifestyle. We look for new ways to alleviate our poor condition.

Stock Market Investing Redefined

The stock market is the most popular and the riskiest form of legal financial investment in the Philippines compared to mutual funds, unit-investment trust funds, variable life insurances, and bonds. It is an opportunity and medium for the public to invest their money, even in small amounts, to become co-owners of companies. Stock market investing and trading can give you two (2) ways to earn additional money, capital appreciation and earning dividend income. Capital appreciation means earning the difference when you buy the stocks at a low price and sell it at a much higher market price. Dividend income is the proportionate share in net income of the company.

At the very core of stock market, is knowing and understanding the fundamentals. Many years back, majority of stock market investors used both fundamental analysis and technical analysis to know what to buy and when to buy and sell.

Fundamental analysis is knowing the intrinsic value of the stock from the macro-economic level down to specific individual company details, as compared to the current market price. Basically, this is used to assess whether a stock is undervalued or overvalued.

Technical analysis, on the other hand, focuses on the patterns of historical price movements to identify future buying and selling points through reading charts . This analysis utilizes trading indicator tools such as support and resistance, moving averages, relative strength index, among many others.

The Noble Gambling Market

However, those were the days when players in the stock market have used both fundamental and technical analysis to help them in their investing and trading activities. With the popularity of social media, many Facebook pages were created to collectively group the stock market investors and traders in the Philippines. Sadly, many Filipinos concentrated only in the technical analysis, hearsays, and hypes but not on the fundamental analysis.

Focusing only on the technical and disregarding the fundamentals, this makes the present stock traders to be like professional gamblers in a once noble market. This Filipino trait still resonates the love of the idea of “easy money”, to earn money in short span of time in the form of stock trading. This trend results in continuously teaching the public to focus on “basura stocks”, stocks that are fundamentally unsound, with little or no value at all. Many people are speculatively hoping to make more money in a short-span of time, disregarding the value of patience in making true long-term wealth. Usually, technical traders are afterwards put in a state of “ipit” and painfully cut losses.

Many Filipinos are entering now the stock market without proper knowledge. Majority are joining Facebook groups and asks, “Mga ma’am and sir, ano magandang bilhing stock ngayon?” This question potentially puts someone trying the stock market for the first time in great financial peril and often leading only to disappointments. The Philippine Stock Market is doing good in making millionaires out of humble beginnings, but it also makes humble people out of worldly riches.

The Future of The Market

With what is currently happening, the present stock market techniques are being passed down from one person to another. There is a little-by-little transition from diligently eyeing what companies to invest in, and knowing when to buy and sell that particular stock, to possibly using only technical indicators. Neglecting the fundamental treatment of each one, we can possibly see that it will continue to be a noble gambling market, forgotten of its core, to invest in fundamentally-good companies and patiently wait for it to be ripened by and over time.

Written by: Kimwell B. Sto. Domingo

A stock market investor/trader who started at the age of 20, Kimwell B. Sto. Domingo is actively sharing his knowledge and experience on different investment vehicles to different companies, and individuals. He is also a Certified Public Accountant, a Business Owner, an Investments Consultant and has been featured in Marketing In Asia in 2018 as the Top 17 Filipino Professional on LinkedIn.

This study investigates Asian stock market integration during the period of 1999 to 2018. The analysis technique used was Orthogonal Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedasticity (OGARCH). OGARCH is a combination of GARCH and Principal Component Analysis (PCA) methods. The benefit of employing OGARCH in a stock market integration study is that it could estimate the degree of stock market integration precisely and how many components are related to it. In order to deepen the analysis, this study also does an analysis based on pre, during and post the GFC. The result shows that not all stock markets studied were integrated. Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, Thailand, and South Korea stock markets tended to integrate, while the ones in Indonesia, Philippine, and Malaysia did not. This shows that stock markets in Asia were not fully integrated. Stock market integration during the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) period is higher than the pre-GFC period and post-GFC period. Investment managers who have the ability to form international portfolios can diversify existing stocks in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines even Japan by considering country risk because their stock markets tend to be segmented. Investment managers also need to conduct special studies before investing in Asian stock markets that have proven to be integrated.

Here are other "stock market" jobs in "India"

Dear CPI Capital Real Estate Investment News Subscriber, Welcome back to This Week's Real Estate Private Equity Newsletter. This weekly newsletter is published by CPI Capital's CSO, COO, August Biniaz designed to update and educate you on all topics related to Real Estate Investing. Like what you are reading? Subscribe and share with your network. Let's build wealth together!

After the initial negative reaction to the onset of the pandemic, most stock markets around the world recovered dramatically during mid- to late-2020 and, with a few bumps along the way, throughout 2021. Supported by ample liquidity, record low interest rates and, of course, the forward looking nature of the markets which focus as much, if not more, on future earnings than current profits, a number of stock markets touched record highs in Q4 2021 or the early days of 2022.

Obviously, as with any stock market where prices have risen to or close to record highs, there is a great temptation for investors to lock in trading profits by selling shares and buying back once any correction has taken its course.

Stock markets the world over move on economic fundamentals but rumours, speculation and short term bad news on the geopolitical front also play a market part in driving prices and index upwards or down,

One, the prospect of higher interest rates, has been with us for some time, partially forgotten in the background as the DJIA moved inexorably upwards. Although it's just a question of time before interest rates do rise, the stock market dislikes uncertainty. The other is a relatively new, albeit recurring, geopolitical issue where Russia, one of the US’ major competitors on the world power stage, is again threatening action in the Ukraine.

Historically low bond yields and a massive fiscal stimulus enticed investors into riskier assets, including stocks, during 2020 and 2021; such factors being major contributors to the outperformance of the S&P 500 over such time, with easy pandemic monetary policy giving the necessarily strong support to asset prices.

However, it’s been known since interest rates dropped to record lows and the Federal Reserve (the “FED”) started buying huge quantities of bonds that there would come a day when the buying had to stop and rates started to rise again. After all, economic and interest cycles have come and gone numerous times before. It’s just that the timing and frequency of the FED’s action now looks more and more likely to start within the 1H 2002. Even though rate increases may be relatively small, stock markets don’t typically like higher rates as it makes borrowing higher for listed companies (lower profits), tighter credit generally plus, for dividend investor and alternative to investing in the stock market—meaning some fund outflows with the associated share price reductions—already apparent in the NASDAQ.

Naturally, when there's an alternative to equities for yield, most investors recalculate the equity risk premium and highly priced  shares can expect to lose some of their lustre.

Higher interest rates also mean that investors in the primary bonds market earn higher coupons on new issues, thereby placing pressure on prices of outstanding bonds in the secondary market which are paying less.

(Image Credit: The New York Stock Exchange.JLEON)

Geopolitical tensions

If the spectre of higher interest rates was not bad enough for the stock market, fears of military conflict in Ukraine has spooked many investors and recently caused global stock markets to fall sharply.

European markets tumbled by 3.8% to their lowest levels since October and some £53bn of the value of the UK’s blue-chip share index was lost after NATO said it was reinforcing its eastern borders with land, sea and air forces as a Russian invasion of Ukraine appeared increasingly likely.

Formal talks between the US and Russia have failed to pave the way to a compromise solution and fears of a possible war are driving the risk-off trade with bonds rising.

On the back of the rout in technology stock on the NASDAQ, this latest dimension has added yet more to the risk-aversion sentiment currently prevailing in stock markets

(Image credit Photograph: Brendan Hoffman/Getty)

How investing in real estate private equity could be a better option for investors rather than investing in stocks

For any investors looking to exit stock markets as the perceived risks grow or, even for those who simply prefer a more stable, secure investment, it’s hard to beat long-term investment in real estate

Indeed, under the right circumstances, real estate can be a great alternative to stocks, offering lower risk, yielding better returns, and providing greater diversification. At the end of the day, people will always need somewhere to live.

Obviously, the decision to invest in real estate or stocks, which offer different risks and opportunities, is a personal choice which can  depend on a person’s financial situation, risk tolerance, goals and investment style.

Real estate investment can provide a passive income stream by both collecting rents and through appreciation, as property values go up, thereby offering the potential for substantial appreciation. Furthermore, when buying real estate, physical land or property is being acquired and, on balance, real estate offers lower economic and inflationary risks than stocks.

But what are some of the key advantages of investing in multi-family real estate that means it has significantly less risk than investing in the stock market?

Of all the real estate asset classes, multi-family is one of the most favoured sectors for investment—and likely to remain so given the aforementioned interest rate and geopolitical risks.

Rental and investment returns

Investing in a multi-family deal usually means that investors start receiving (passive) income from the outset. As the  property is receiving rentals every month, investors will be receiving regular distribution checks, and typically an average of 7% cash-on-cash return. In addition, the value of properties is likely to continue to appreciate.

Financing

Funding from a variety of lenders is available to acquire multi-family homes is readily available and the effects of such leverage means that gains are magnified. Currently, loans to acquire a multi-family property can be obtained at a very low interest rates. Furthermore, it’s possible  to refinance the property in order to pull out equity tax-free.

Effects of Depreciation and Capital Expenditure

Income from multi-family properties attracts little or to no tax on capital gains by deducting depreciation and capital expenditure from the property’s income, and which can help increase profits for investors

“Value-adding”

Certain multi-family properties offer the opportunity to upgrade or renovate, otherwise called “value-adding”. Adding value helps justify rental increases which, in turn, adds extra income to returns, as well as helping with appreciation of the property over time.

There are many ways to add value, from exterior improvements such as painting or landscaping to complete unit upgrades, providing new bathrooms and kitchen or amenities and technological improvements in order to attract more renters.

Many investors are professional commercial lenders

Commercial lenders are by far the largest debt investors in multi-family apartments, usually offering around 70%-75% of the funds required to purchase such properties. Before lending they will have researched the quality of the market and the performance of multi-family building operators well before agreeing to provide financing.

Risk ratios

The Sharpe ratio is an economic measure which assesses the risk adjusted return of an investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio the better the return and the lower the risk—over any long-term period, commercial multi-family has the best Sharpe ratio of any other real estate asset class.

We at CPI Capital know that, historically, real estate is the greatest driver of multi-generational wealth.

Investment in real estate has many advantages over investing in the stock market—and investing in multi-family properties, thanks to its primary advantages such as sustained, growing demand, increasing retiree growth numbers and affordability of buying vs renting is likely to remain a highly favoured play. 

And, perhaps, even more so given the far greater risks posed by interest rate increases and the current geopolitical tensions due to the Russia/Ukraine situation.

Yours sincerely,

August Biniaz

CSO, COO, Co-Founder CPI Capital

Here is one of our recent episodes from the Real Estate Private Equity YouTube Show. We interviewed Kelly Ehler, CPA, LPA, TEP, LLQP on "What is a Fractional CFO?" You can watch the episode by clicking on the image. 

Kelly Ehler is an experienced executive, advisor and board member with a track record of transforming and elevating companies by improving their processes and business practices so they can reach new levels of success. Turns great ideas into successful companies by sitting at the intersection of finance and operations. He can be reached at his website: https://www.kellyehler.

What's your view on this week's Real Estate Private Equity newsletter? Join the conversation in the comments below.

The Global Stock Market Selloff that I have been predicting for August 2017 is now gathering pace. Investors and Fund Managers, please wait patiently--the selling is now set to further gather pace over the next few days. You would be surprised to find Stocks at mouth-watering prices by the end of this week. Do not try to catch a falling knife -- not as yet! White House troubles and North Korea tensions will lead to investor anxiety and further downturn in Global Stock Markets is clearly on the cards!

