A man with humble roots, Mitesh Patel is by-and-large a self-trained trader who does not mince words to protect his territory

Karnataka: New pension scheme implemented for teaching, non-teaching staff in medical education department. Read more:
http://bweducation.businessworld.in/…/K-…/28-08-2020-314021/

Kannada Super star Puneeth Rajkumar was in Belagavi today to celebrate the success of his latest movie Doddmane Hudga.

Form 27Q is used for quarterly filing of TDS returns electronically on any payment other than salary to non- residents, including NRIs and foreigners

Give your bike the right protection. Insure your two-wheeler today! Get a Quote Now!

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Real Estate became one of the best way for the investment. For many people Real estate became a biggest source of income and wealth. Many people invests their years of savings in real estate with the hope to get much more return on their investment. Real estate investments always will be profitable, after few years either they get double money by selling it or else property value will be increased.

Many people are involved in the real estate business in Karnataka. Real estate business doesn’t require any degree certain amount of investment, property knowledge, communication skills and network will make you successful in this business.

Real estate investments are increasing in Karnataka with the time. Construction business in Karnataka is on high demand. Now Real estate became a high competitive business in Karnataka.

Sewakram realty is growing as one of the best real estate builders in Hubli-Dharwad, north Karnataka. Sewakram realty’s team designed with the highly qualified and experienced engineers, architects and skilled Labors. Team Coordination and it’s dedication towards work leads to achieve the clients desires.

Sewakram Realty is known for their commitments, Quality service, timely delivery & Technical ideas. With the best services Sewakram realty is growing as a one of the best real estate contractor and developers. Sewakram realty provides multiple services in north Karnataka. It is one of the best real estate consultants in Hubli-Dharwad. It has completed many contract based construction projects commercial, residential & industrial projects, hence growing as one of the best civil contracts in Karnataka.

Sewakram Realty is available to serve in any where in Karnataka. Sewakram Realty can serve Contract based construction projects, commercial, residential, industrial, cold storage, designing, 3D designing, interior Designing etc.

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

A faster and better way to access
all the functionality of LinkedIn –
anytime, anywhere. 

Search and apply to millions of openings.

Keep up with the latest news from your network.

Find and keep in touch with friends and colleagues.

The word “Sinhasi” has its origin in Japanese art and depicts a protective shield, which is meant to ward off evil and ill omen. This is the underlying business credo on which Sinhasi Consultants was conceived and created to offer financial advisory and planning services combined with the spirit to “Protect, Enrich and Nurture” your wealth.

Founded in 2005 by Ms. Mimi Partha Sarathy, Sinhasi has built up an enviable client base of both individuals and corporates. Mimi Partha Sarathy, Managing Director, Sinhasi Consultants, holds a Masters is Finance, Masters in Marketing and Diploma in Accounting from the Webster University in Geneva, Switzerland and has over 18 years of experience in the Financial Service Industry.

WE are a Virtual Family Office providing Holistic Wealth Management Services. Sinhasi Consultants is one of the MOST VALUABLE BOUTIQUE WEALTH MANAGEMENT FIRM in India offering its services in the exclusive space of HNI wealth management.

We build strong exclusive relationships with the clients so that they stay on top of their game and lead an enriching & fulfilling life.
PLANNING AND ADVISORY SERVICES

Customized Holistic Financial Plans
 Built on competent research and analysis.
 Continuous fund monitoring along with dynamic asset allocation. 
Investment Planning
 Return optimization through a prudent mix of pedigree investment opportunities.
 Focused analysis of risk appetite, investment risks, and time horizon.
Insurance Planning
 Health Insurance.
 Life Insurance.

DISTRIBUTION SERVICES: Distribution of Few, Relevant, and Focused Investment Products and Solutions.

Insurance 
 Life Insurance.
 Health Insurance.
 Home Insurance.
Investment Solutions
 Mutual Funds – Debt, Equity, Specialized, and Hybrid.
 Portfolio Management Schemes (PMS).
 Commodities i.e. Gold, Silver, etc.
 Real Estate Funds.
 Private Equity Funds.
 Post Office Schemes.
 Bank and Corporate Bonds and Deposits.
 Other Specialized/Structured Products.

Financial Services

Bengaluru, Karnataka

Bangalore, Karnataka

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Disclaimer: This post is not about establishing superiority of any caste or culture. It's not about patronizing any caste or culture. It's just about observation of cultural differences.

Every culture/region has certain peculiar traits. And they are not just reflected in its language, art, fashion but also in behavior, politics and economics. These traits often lead to stereotypes which have a negative connotation attached, because stereotypes lead to judging and when politicians exploit them, they also lead to communal tension and riots. So try not to take this article too personally. Try to look at it from the sociological point of view. The purpose of sociology is to understand societies and develop appropriate polices for them, and not to judge individuals belonging to a specific community.

I feel the most important aspect of sociology is understanding history, while psychology is secondary. It’s not a coincidence that Sindhis, Gujaratis and Marwadis (or Marwaris) come from the same region - northwest region of southeast Asia. 5000 years ago, in this region, existed the Harappan civilization. They didn't know what papad, dhokla or kachori was. They had agriculture, livestock and the Indus (Sindhu) river. They also had boats using which they traveled and traded with Persians and Egyptians. Over the next couple of thousand years, the civilization declined (reasons unknown) and people started moving inland towards Ganga river. Religions started popping up like startups pop up today. Then, over the next couple of thousand years, the Indus valley started getting populated again, with ever evolving cultures. A lot of things changed but the trading continued. The precious goods (jewelry, spices, cotton & cloth) traded, were re-traded by Persians/Egyptians to Europeans. The Indian goods created an image of a rich India in the minds of Europeans and got Vasco da Gama to India by a sea route so that they could bypass the middle men. The Britishers followed, and that shaped the urban (and to some extent, rural) India as we know it today.

Coming back to the topic, we (or at least I) don't clearly know how the northwestern communities of India evolved. But looking at the similarities in their clothes (colorful), music, behavior (money-minded), language, occupation and location (they are all neighbors, Sindhis are from Pakistan and Marwad was is western Rajasthan), they seem to have a common origin (probably dating back to the Harappans).

Historically, they have been the interface between the Persians/Egyptians and Indians. Acting as producers and also middle-men, they traded between 2 different cultures (hypothetically) making profits as neither side would know what the true cost of goods being sold are. They traded more in precious and high margin goods.

What made these communities so successful was that they realized there is a limit to how much business you can do in a confined space. This realization coming with constant Arab-Indian conflicts on their land; they migrated. Sindh and Gujarat having coastlines, Sindhis and Gujaratis spread throughout the world. Marwad being landlocked, Marwadis spread within India. Because of the varied cultures and religions, the Sindhis and Gujaratis have been exposed to, they are lesser conservative than Marwadis. Irrespective, they did what they knew best, and that was trading of precious and high margin goods; at a much bigger scale and with wider customer base. They became rich in due course of time.

Kannadigas (people who speak Kannada) have a different history and hence, the way they do business has evolved differently. Until a few years ago, I just thought of all people living in South India as South Indians. Then I met the Telugus, Malayalis and Tamilians (working in Pune) to realize how different they were. But I hadn't met many Kannadigas until very recently when I visited Hampi, a village in Karnataka. There's a theory that says the Harappan people were actually Dravidians (South Indians) and they were pushed south by the incoming/invading Aryans (Persians/Europeans). Kannadigas most likely didn't exist then, but 500 years ago they definitely did, and Hampi was the capital of a kingdom called Vijayanagara and the 2nd largest city in the world, after Beijing. The intention of my trip was to enjoy and be awed by the beauty and scale of the Vijayanagara architecture, but I had some experiences there that led me to research and write this article:

The Kannadigas at Hampi (including the Brahmans) have adapted themselves to the changing profile of their customers (from pilgrims to tourists). For most communities, it would have been a culture shock, but those Kannadiga villagers have embraced this change well. And this is not something new to them. Even 500 years ago, the Vijayanagara kingdom was the most prosperous and most secular among all Indian kingdoms. They had equal respect and opportunities for local (Telugu, Tamil) as well as foreign (Persian, Arab) communities. The market surrounding the long path to Vittala temple (the most magnificent temple of that time) were occupied by Persians selling horses. The royal courtyard had quarters for Muslim chiefs. Telugu, Tamil and Tulu literature & art were given equal importance compared to Kannada. This probably explains why Hampi, or even Bengaluru for that matter, are the way they are today. They create a conducive environment for all communities to thrive. Contrary to the north western communities which focus on profitability and exploring untapped markets, Kannadigas stay at home, build a market place and attract talent & customers. 

According to me, Kannadigas have a more sustainable style of business, but they are certainly not the richest community existing today. The top business houses of India (by revenue) today are Ambanis, Tatas, Birlas who are Gujarati, Parsi (Persian), Marwadi, respectively. But consider these facts:

These facts are state-specific and not community-specific, but they do tell us something about the states, their people and their mindsets. And success of business and life doesn't always have to be measured in terms of money made. Their impact beyond economics should count too. How much employment are these businesses generating. How much happiness are they spreading. How sustainable are they as entities and for the environment. My search for these answers continues...

UPDATE:

Bengaluru is the most dynamic city as per an independent evaluation of 143 cities across the world. By dynamic, it means that Bengaluru is the most adaptable in embracing change. (Source - http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/bangalore-beats-silicon-valley-becomes-the-most-dynamic-city-in-the-world/articleshow/56645305.cms)

Adaptability is the most important factor is surviving the test of evolution and time. From the point of sustainability, I find Kannadigas second to none.

On 11th May 2015, in a rare and landmark judgment the honourable judge of Karnataka High Court took  few minutes only to read the judgment  to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa  of all charges after finding that she had not amassed Rs 66.65 crore as earlier alleged by the appealant / decided by the special court in Bengaluru in September 2014 but only a few crores of Rupees. Jayalalithaa’s case relates to the period 1991-96 when she was the chief minister of Tamilnadu.

According to the learned judge Jayalalithaa is eligible for acquittal because she had acquired only 8.12% disproportionate asset over and above her known source of / accounted income.

The key legal principle that the learned judge employed using a precedent to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa was that the accused is eligible for acquittal if the quantum of disproportionate asset is only ‘10%’ over and above the known accounted income. As in the case of Madam Jayalalithaa it is well below the judicial threshold of 10% she was eligible for acquittal.

Source; News Items published elsewhere in newspapers / portals

Work Hard, Money fast.

Motor Vehicle Manufacturing

Security and Investigations

South Queensferry, Edinburgh

Investment Banking

New York, NY

What is agriculture?

Definition: Agriculture is generally known as Farming; it is an art and science that prudent endeavor to reshape a part of Earth's crust through cultivation of plants and other crops as well as raising livestock for sustenance or other necessities for human being and economic gain.

Importance of Agriculture:

Agriculture plays a chiefly role in economy as well as it is considered to be the backbone of economic system for developing countries. For decades, agriculture has been related with the production of vital food crops. The Present era of farming contains dairy, fruit, forestry, poultry beekeeping and arbitrary etc. However, it could be referred to as promotion, processing, marketing, and distribution of crops and livestock products. It is also provide the employment chances to huge percentage of the inhabitants. The industrial sector of Pakistan is almost depends on agriculture for raw material. The input of agriculture towards GDP is about 25% which is highest contribution any other sectors. The following are the main points of the importance of agriculture for the Pakistan economy.

(1) Source of Livelihood: The incoming sources of many peoples depends on the agriculture, about 70% population of directly rely with agriculture for livelihood. This gigantic ratio in this sector is as a result of none development of non-agricultural activities to absorb the fast-growing population. Nevertheless, mostly populations of developed countries do not rely on agriculture.

(2) Contribution to National revenue: Mostly developing counties depends on agriculture for their source of national income. While for developed countries it contributes as smallest ration to their national income.

(3) Supply of Food as well as Fodder: It provides feed and silage to the domestics animals. Moreover, livestock provides milk and proteins as people’s foods requirements.

(4) Significance to the International Trade: Various commodities as sugar, tea, rice, cotton, tobacco, coffee etc., that rely on agriculture are the major items to be exports to the other countries. This practice is helpful to decrease countries critical balance of expenditures and saving foreign exchange. This volume may be well used to import other vital inputs, machinery, raw-material, and other infrastructure that is supportive for country’s monetary development.

(5) Marketable Surplus:

The advanced of agriculture sector that share to marketable surplice. Most of population related with manufacturing, mining that depends on food production that might meet from the nation’s marketable surplus. As agricultural sector development takes place, production increases and this leads to expansion of marketable surplus. This may be exported to other nations.

(6) Development of the Banking Sector:

One of another role of this department is in the development of agriculture sector. The government takes action to enhance the crops productivity by providing the credit facilities to the farmers at low-interest amounts. Therefore, the government established the ZTBL for the provision of credit facilities.

(7) Farm Mechanization: To enrich the economy through the introduction of farm mechanization played effective role in agriculture sector. With the use of modern machinery in agricultural lands causes more and high-quality production of crops. So, the provision of raw material to the industries increases.

(8) Forestry:

Approximately 5% of the land is comprises with forests in Pakistan. This is the primary source of paper, lumber, fuel-wood, and latex medicine. It is also used for the purpose of wildlife conservation and ecotourism.

Animal husbandry or livestock farming has highest involvement to economic growth. The annual protein per capita is 18 kg of meat and 155 litters of milk. By-products of milk and meat have suitable market value. Farmers can receive a decent amount by generating and providing these products to the marketplace.

(10) Use of Nanotechnology:

The advancement of nanotechnology is helping the high yielding varieties with high-quality goods. High-quality products result in a high rate of return to the farmers and the per capita income of farmers increases. An increase in per capita income shows the growth of the economy toward development.

An important lesson that the pandemic has taught all industries and businesses is that while their scale of operations can be a boon to fight competition, it can be a nightmare in times such as the Covid-19 pandemic. The scale and fast growth of the industry led to the realisation that there are many loopholes in the system that need to be rectified.

The growth of Global Positioning Systems or General Packet Radio Service systems has largely contributed to the cab aggregator market in India. A momentous rise in smartphone penetration, improved ability of high-speed internet connectivity, increased investment in the online cab market by foreign investors and the swelling disposable income created an environment for the growth of the cab aggregator industry in India. What differentiated these cab aggregators from radio taxi operators was that there was no need for them to hold inventory and they had to face fewer legal hurdles as they neither owned the vehicles nor did they have any drivers on their payroll. The online cab aggregator industry operated on a pay-for-performance business model, where the cab drivers were paid for the pick-up and drop services of the cab aggregator companies. These aggregator companies connected the demand side, i.e. the customers, with the supply side, i.e., the cab drivers. The aggregators chose their supply-side partners, i.e. cab drivers, as their target customers. To earn revenue, the cab aggregators charged a certain commission from the cab drivers' income in exchange for providing leads/customers to them. So, operationally, these cab aggregators were giving rise to an on-demand economy, known as the Gig Economy. 

The challenge faced was that these cab aggregators had to balance both the demand and supply side requirement. Even though issues such as the Goods and Services Tax, shortage of the supply of online cab services due to reduced driver incentives, search in ride fares and extended reading time had led to slow market growth in the last decade. The pandemic hit at a time of mass diversification and challenged cab aggregators to take quick action and adapt continuously. The mass lockdown in India in March and staggered unlocking dealt a huge blow to the $10 billion cab aggregator market in India including all app-based mobility providers such as Uber and Ola. All the critical success factors associated with the cab aggregator business model were questioned especially the operations and service delivery, the price trap transparency, technology, operations, branding and marketing, customer feedback, quality audits, surge pricing and the use of analytics. The importance of authenticity, logic and empathy has grown multifold especially for the top management to enforce trust and ensuring that a new model develops to support old business operations as well as the stakeholders.

The pandemic challenged cab aggregators in India by impacting their networks on both the demand and supply side, change in clusters due to massive migrations in India, rapid changes in the macro-environmental factors with continuous changes in government policies as well as acknowledging the concerns of the Indian population and communicating them effectively. What further challenged cab aggregators and has been potentially harmful to their long-term plans is the nature of their digital network services which are not delivered by the drivers but are a part of an algorithm-driven operation designed to support its customers keeping the drivers' loyalty as the primary focus. To support those whose future opportunities have been impacted as a result of Covid-19 as well as all those communities which have been hit hard by the pandemic several initiatives were taken, in particular, payments for financial assistance, cost of personal protective equipment distributed to drivers, driver reimbursement for purchasing protective equipment, costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors and others in need as well as charitable donations. 

The cab aggregator industry has been massively disrupted due to the fear of infection with most adopting a ‘survive as you thrive’ strategy in the meantime. Negative impact due to the pandemic has led cab aggregators to find new sources of revenue in the fight to remain relevant to such a day where they can switch original goals. The first of such measures has been the inclusion of a B2B effort for health care providers from different healthcare organisations and hospitals. This became a lifeline extension of cab aggregator brands as healthcare workers and professionals have lacked the resources to travel ever since the early days of the pandemic. This was also important as healthcare providers have tried to contain the virus while ensuring they do not get infected themselves. This effort was useful in polarising drivers who were willing to drive and provide help in times of need in exchange for financial safety in uncertain times. These companies also took many efforts to provide financial and health aids.

Our survey findings reflected the changes in the monthly spending of Indian consumers as they drastically minimised time spent outside their homes. This meant that there was a growing demand for services that provided food and grocery delivery at home. To retain customer demand, cutting down fares was not an option for cab-hailing companies. It can only help in the short-term demand but people, in any case, are less likely to bargain their health for a cheaper ride. This option of grocery delivery was also beneficial for drivers since the lockdown lifted and the drivers were allowed to pivot to different demands based on the different services which were needed in different unprecedented situations. This diversification of the revenue stream helped drivers to thrive with several PUA and UI benefits along with banking for providing additionally for the high-risk nature of their jobs.

Aggregators have also clearly taken steps towards goals of reducing personal travel vehicles on Indian roads. However, the increase in car sales especially for those who have money may lead to a reduction in the business of cab aggregators in India post-Covid 19. The pandemic has greatly challenged this goal with most people purchasing small hatchbacks and utility vehicles to avoid ride-sharing. With the automobile industry actively attacking their market share, aggregator companies have been agile to adopt green technologies with an increased investment towards electric vehicles which are both accessible and affordable in the long-term. This part of the product portfolio is surely seeing an upward trend with shared mobility returning as the pandemic slowly dies. Cab aggregators are collaborating and diversifying in all manner to ensure that the goals towards sustainability are met in the long run. 

One interesting collaboration was initiated in January 2021, where Lenskart and Uber partnered with the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways to promote road safety and offered free eye tests and subsidised vision correction classes to driver-partners. In addition, Uber also launched an educational video for the driver community. With the promise to focus on safety in all forms, Uber took the initiative to increase awareness about road safety measures, especially among drivers. This effort ensured that the entire cab aggregator stakeholder network of riders, drivers and city administration work together to make each trip safer. Another collaboration was done by Uber and pharmaceutical company Moderna who have partnered to provide users with credible, factual information about the COVID-19 vaccine safety through Uber’s consumer app as well as assist in the vaccination programme to help with the logistics as well as spreading the correct information during the campaign. The third important partnership was between Uber and Shell with standard support to all drivers in the states of Karnataka Tamil Nadu Maharashtra and Gujarat with benefit schemes for a QR code-based virtual fuel card allowing all drivers to pay for fuel and access special discounts through a network of 180 shell sites. The first 10,000 drivers in each state get a preloaded and one-time amount of Rs.200 Which can be used to make a purchase at any Shell station. These instances of collaboration suggest that the ride-hailing industry has accelerated towards digitalisation and several means have been initiated to grow in the long term.

Cab aggregators have also invested heavily in technology by using Cloud, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to improve their user experience. They have actively invested in technology to also improve and use complex marketplace algorithms, better predictions, safety tech and payments platforms to improve their user experience. One important use of Machine Learning was implemented during COVID-19 to ensure safer environments for the end-user by including improved detection to ensure health safety protocols are followed, improved rider and driver verification, one quick chat, allowing drivers to chat with the riders with the click and allowing for better focus on driving through used distractions and fraud detection to prevent financial fraud to end customers. Machine learning has also helped in improving time predictions, personalisation and ranking models, richer information for enabling easier choices, chatbots and faster customer support leading to a fast resolution of issues and automated back-end processes. Another important development is the increase in the valuable membership programmes which give consumers exclusive access to many different services while ensuring safety. The redesign of the application for B2B and B2C models has fostered strong season-based demand in all segments with an increase in interest towards vouchers, gift cards, meal programmes et cetera. The cab aggregators have also focused on an important aspect of the business by providing services which help in delivering packages and mail.

Cab aggregator services have been adopting a model with collective technology, resources and experience can be used to supplement and build a current and long-term software infrastructure for mobility management based on different community needs. This implies that a single cab aggregator can morph into different services as per the different needs of its consumers by becoming a one-stop-shop destination. As public transportation is threatened due to the COVID-19 pandemic, new ideas are key in order to find financially sustainable solutions in the long term.

For most cab aggregators bank on ride-hailing as their primary revenue source, it will take a little longer to witness a full recovery compared to other business models which may rise and see substantial growth as time progresses. 

In conclusion, I have learnt that cab aggregator service providers in India have a long way to strengthen their business as a result of this pandemic further aggravating existing issues and bringing new issues to light. While considerable efforts have been made to combat new problems, it is necessary that cab aggregators redefine their roles and re-emphasise their responsibility towards their primary stakeholders – drivers and also their riders. This means that the expansion of the business should not be done at the cost of harming the interests of their stakeholders especially when the economy, as well as the industry, is struggling to stay relevant. All companies must take deliberate action to ensure that safety is paramount and their services in mobility are accessible to all those who need a cab for the purpose of transportation. In a country like India with large-scale operations and many diverse consumer segments, it is necessary that micro- strategies are formulated to withstand the impact of COVID-19 in India. From a pragmatic viewpoint, it may be said that by understanding the influences of various variables on customer satisfaction, marketers are likely to envisage and plan the actions in leveraging these services. 

For more on the Post Covid Strategies in the Cab Aggregator Industry in India, STAY TUNED into the MOMENTUM LinkedIn group - https://lnkd.in/e2kNhF2 to connect and share the changes which will mark the start of a new era in Indian mobility.

Growth Drivers

India has emerged as a strong economy over the years. The recent global financial and economic crisis had an impact on India’s economic growth momentum during FY09. However, the economy has been remarkably resilient against shocks such as turmoil in the global and domestic financial markets, severe drought conditions and hardening international crude oil prices, sustaining its GDP growth. It has managed to escape relatively unscathed from the global economic turmoil owing to strong fundamentals, which would continue to drive its growth. Thus, it is important to undertake integrated efforts to further strengthen these fundamentals and fulfill the aspiration of achieving a strong growth in future.

 

Strong growth can only be achieved through realisation of full-growth potential of some key growth areas. This section seeks to identify potential growth drivers that could stimulate growth and drive the Indian economy on a high and sustainable growth path. In this endeavour we begin by identifying substantial investments in physical, growth drivers social and agricultural infrastructure as the key growth drivers which will enable the economy to achieve ‘inclusive growth’. Although we expect these three factors to contribute significantly in India’s growth story during the current decade (2011-20), the role of other factors (such as technological progress, improvement in productivity and India’s young demography, etc) should not be underrated. Further, Government of India (GoI) and the private sector need to undertake necessary integrated efforts to strengthen these growth drivers and achieve high GDP growth. The following section elucidates future growth drivers of India’s economic growth.

Investment in physical infrastructure

Sustained increase in infrastructure is expected to be one of the crucial factors for sustaining strong growth during the current decade. Significant investment in physical infrastructure will also lead to employment generation, increased production efficiency, reduction in cost of doing business and improved standard of living.

According to D&B’s estimates, infrastructure investment (as measured by Gross Fixed Capital Formation) is expected to surge to 12.1% of GDP by FY20 from 7.0% of GDP in FY11. Rising demand for infrastructure facilities, given the rapid growth in urbanisation, bulging of the middle class and an increasing working-age population, would engender substantial increase in infrastructure investments during the current decade.

Apart from development of infrastructure facilities in existing cities/towns, increased focus is expected on infrastructure development in new townships/rural areas. Regional-urban development plans will be made to identify new growth corridors. D&B expects a substantial rise in rural infrastructure development, which will provide further impetus to economic growth in rural areas, in turn resulting in significant reduction in poverty. Increased investment in rural infrastructure will benefit the rural population through higher income, rise in employment opportunities, and lower cost of basic goods due to improvement in transportation facilities. Nonetheless, improvement in rural infrastructure will need to be properly targeted to benefit the rural poor.

Sectoral analysis of infrastructure investment in 2020

A detailed breakdown of infrastructure investment by sectors reveal that electricity (including non-conventional energy) and construction of roads and bridges will continue to account for the largest share in total infrastructure investments during the current decade.

Electricity

In view of the rapid growth in urbanisation and industrialisation, total demand for power is expected to increase substantially during the current decade. This will require substantial increase in the power generation capacity and in turn infrastructure investments in this segment. As per Investment Commission of India, more than 78,000 MW of additional power generation capacity is being planned during the current decade including set up of 9 Ultra Mega Power Projects with power generation capacity of 4,000 MW each. Considerable investments are also expected in the transmission & distribution network (including an additional 60,000 circuit km of transmission network expected by 2012) during the same period. Substantial capacity addition in generation & transmission of electricity will require significant investments. We expect infrastructure investment in the electricity sector to grow at CAGR of around 20.0% during FY11-FY20 and it will account for 4.3% of GDP FY20. Moreover, permission for 100% FDI for generation, transmission & distribution of electricity coupled with incentives such as income tax holiday for a block of 10 years in the first 15 years of operation, waiver of capital goods and import duties on mega power projects are likely to attract private investment in this segment.

Oil & Gas

Demand for oil is expected to increase substantially by 2020, primarily driven by the transportation and industrial sectors. On the other hand, the growing requirement of gas for the domestic power and fertilizer sectors is expected to raise demand for gas during the current decade. Domestic production of oil & gas is expected to increase considerably by 2020, given the recent exploration and development efforts underway in the country. However, it might not be able to meet the entire requirement in the country, which implies need for a huge amount of oil & gas imports. Development of technologies enabling efficient use of fossil fuels coupled with use of renewable energy sources could help in filling the demand-supply gap for oil & gas. GoI has already started taking initiatives to encourage exploration of alternate fuel sources such as coal bed methane (CBM), gas hydrates, hydrogen fuel cell, and blending of bio-fuels to reduce the country’s dependence on imported fuel.

Road

With a growing population in India, demand for road transport would increase further by 2020. While state highways are expected to link most districts in the country, all-weather rural roads are expected to provide access to the furthest outlying villages. Moreover, construction of the golden quadrilateral, Delhi-Mumbai-Chennai-Kolkata-Delhi, is expected to help link these metros and other northern, southern, western and eastern cities by 2020. A massive 10-year programme (2005-15) has been implemented by National Highway Development Project (NHDP) in a phased manner with an investment of र 2356.90 bn including the completion of the works under NHDP Phase I and II, up gradation of 12,109 km of national highways on Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis in Phase III, widening of 20,000 km of national highways to two lanes with paved shoulders in NHDP Phase-IV, six-laning of 6,500 km length of selected national highways in Phase V, development of 1,000 km of expressways under NHDP Phase-VI and construction of 700 km of ring roads in major towns and bypasses and construction of other standalone structures giving a boost to the development of roadways. This, along with Ministry of Road Transport and Highway’s decision to accelerate implementation of National Highways to achieve a completion rate of 20 kms of highways/day will require substantial investment in road infrastructure. This translates to a 35,000 km at the rate of 7,000 km per year during 2009-14. Further, a larger amount of population is expected to move toward ‘own car travel’. However, substantial investments for creation and/or improvement in mass/public transport systems could help reduce the use of vehicles on roads in major metro cities. Various infrastructure development projects in the transport sector will require increased amount of investments. While GoI will continue to be a major source of funds (especially for construction of rural roads), private sector participation in development and operation of transport infrastructure (especially in the urban area and inter-state highway projects) is expected to increase substantially. GoI is already making efforts to attract private investment by offering projects on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis. It has taken various policy initiatives that are likely to result in increased participation of private players in road construction projects. Moreover, internal generation of resources by transport services is likely to increase by 2020.

Rail

Rapid urbanisation along with increased domestic industrial activity is expected to accelerate growth of Indian railways during the current decade. According to the Ministry of Railways’ estimates, demand for passenger and freight services would surge, which would require expansion of 25,000 kms of new lines by 2020.

The Ministry of Railway has already initiated rail connectivity projects in north eastern states and Jammu & Kashmir at an estimated cost of र 280 bn. With the railway network spread to the furthest regions of the country (especially in north eastern parts), rail freight traffic is expected to increase substantially during the current decade. Manufactured products would account for a larger share in bulk cargo while a larger proportion of liquids would be transported through pipelines.

The development of fast inter-city rail services is expected to increase passenger train traffic by 2020. Moreover, high population density and traffic congestion problems in major metropolitan cities of India are likely to result in development of underground or flyover rail-based mass transport systems during the current decade.

Apart from the various capacity expansion projects for cargo and passenger train traffic, improved customer service, comfort and safety, reduction in freight costs & tariffs, reduction of the uneconomic services, and subsidies can ensure sustained growth of railways.

As per the estimates of Ministry of Railway, achieving the goals of Vision 2020 will require around र 14,000 bn of investments during the current decade. While a major portion of investments is expected to be financed internally through surpluses and support from GoI, public-private participation would also play a role in: construction of dedicated freight corridors (DFCs), development of world-class railway stations, manufacture of locomotives, coaches and wagons, high speed rail corridors, operation of container trains and special freight trains, port and other connectivity works, and elevated suburban rail corridor in Mumbai.

Air & Port

With rising income levels, passenger air traffic is expected to increase considerably by 2020. According to the Economic Survey 2010-11, India will be one of the fastest growing civil aviation markets in the world by 2020 with a passenger load of 420 mn in the Indian airport system as compared to 140 mn in 2010. An investment of additional 0.7 percentage point of GDP is required in the infrastructure by 2017. In FY11, an investment of Rs 26.53 bn was planned in ports and Rs 6.63 bn in airports infrastructure. These will be further aided by substantial investments in development of airports in tier-II cities as well as improvement of infrastructure in existing airports. In case of ports, the connection between several major rivers through a network of interlinking canals is expected to provide impetus to rapid growth of low-cost, inland water transport.

Infrastructure financing

Over the years, financing of infrastructure projects has been considered the responsibility of the government. However, given budgetary constraints and other priorities, although public investment continues to account for a larger share in infrastructure financing, it has decelerated since the past few years. Moreover, GoI is making efforts to encourage private investments in infrastructure projects. As a result, the share of the private sector in infrastructure financing gradually increased from a mere 25.1% in FY05 to 32.7% in FY10 (E) and is expected to increase further to 45.2% in FY20.

During the current decade, private investment in the form of Public Private Partnership (PPP) is expected to emerge as the preferred mode of investment in commercially-viable infrastructure projects, especially in sectors such as highways, airports, ports, railways and urban transit systems. In particular, projects such as rail-port connectivity, construction & operation of highways, leasing of port assets, construction & operation of container terminals, leasing of equipment for cargo handling and pilotage and captive facilities for port-based industries are expected to see private investment in PPP. The rise in PPP projects in the next few years can largely be attributed to significant advantages such as completion of projects on schedule and within budgets, better customer service, enhanced efficiency and cost savings including lower construction costs, reduced life-cycle maintenance costs and lower costs of associated risks.

Moreover, other funding sources such as debt financing (through commercial banks, NBFCs, pension/insurance companies and ECBs), FDIs, bond financing, and equity finance from financial investors including private equity funds such as venture capital funds and other institutional investors (such as dedicated infrastructure funds sponsored by consortium of insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored funds, etc) are expected to provide a viable alternative in meeting the financing requirements of the infrastructure sector. In fact, bond financing as well as financing from the insurance sector can emerge as the ideal source of finance for the infrastructure sector given its longer maturity requirements.

Given the financing constraints along with huge foreign exchange reserves, there has been a debate regarding possibility of using foreign exchange reserves for infrastructure financing. Some initiatives have already been taken by GoI to use a small part of the country’s foreign exchange reserves for infrastructure financing. However, given that the major portion of these reserves is built up either via RBI intervention in the forex market or through volatile short-term foreign portfolio inflows, use of forex reserves for infrastructure financing is unlikely to increase substantially during the current decade.

Investment in social infrastructure

While physical infrastructure is expected to play a vital role in maintaining the strong growth momentum during the current decade, improvement in social infrastructure (especially health and sanitation and education) will help the country to move toward inclusive growth. Social infrastructure mainly encompasses the health and education system.

Health and sanitation

Improvement in health and sanitation facilities can be achieved through improvement in access to and utilisation of health, family welfare and nutrition services with special focus on under-served and underprivileged population. It is expected that during the current decade as well, the responsibility of implementing healthcare and sanitation programmes will mainly lie with the state government and local bodies while financial assistance will be provided by the central government and external agencies. According to D&B’s forecasts, total government expenditure on health is expected to remain low at 1.5% of GDP in FY20, as against 1.3% (budget estimates) of GDP in FY11.Given that public expenditure on health is expected to remain low, private expenditure would have to increase substantially for improvement in health infrastructure. Furthermore, health insurance plans as well as government schemes such as ‘National Health Insurance Scheme’ for socially vulnerable and low-income people are also expected to play a role in financing of health services.

Education

Although literacy rates in India have increased considerably, from 18.0% in 1951 to 65.0% in 2001 and 74.0% in 2011, they are far below the UMI (upper-middle income) reference level of 95% and vary substantially among males and females as well as urban and rural regions. Nonetheless, the projected increase in per capita income, government schemes such as mid-day meals, availability of schools within habitation and incentives for attending school (like providing textbooks and uniform, etc) are expected to result in a higher enrollment ratio, especially in case of girls, and in turn help increase the literacy rates by 2020. Moreover, dropout rate at primary level are expected to decline further.

Apart from primary education, higher as well as vocational education is expected to assume significance in the current decade. The Eleventh Five Year Plan which envisages large expansion in higher education by setting up 1455 new educational institutions comprising central universities, IITs, IIMs, NITs, IISERs, SPAs and Polytechnics is expected to provide further boost to higher education in India.

In view of rising demand for education services at all levels, requirement of teachers is expected to increase substantially in the current decade. The training of increasing number of teachers, in turn, will require a large number of teachers’ training colleges.

With human resource increasingly gaining significance in the overall development of the country, development of education infrastructure is expected to remain the key focus in the current decade. In this scenario, infrastructure investment in the education sector is likely to see a considerable increase in the current decade. As per D&B’s estimates, public expenditure in education is expected to increase to 3.9% of GDP by FY20, compared with 3.0% (budget estimates) of GDP in FY11. Private expenditure on education is also expected to increase substantially in the current decade.

While we expect substantial progress on education front, some areas of concern will remain. These mainly include; wide variation in enrolment, attendance and actual coverage of children, cumbersome procedures for releasing of funds by states, shortage of trained teachers, inadequate monitoring and management structures, etc.

Investment in infrastructure for the agriculture sector

Although the share of agriculture sector in GDP is expected to decline further to around 9.2% by FY20, its significance in sustaining India’s growth momentum is expected to remain unchanged. Going forward, growth in agriculture needs to be sustained not only for ensuring national food security but also for achieving the government’s key objective of inclusive growth. Furthermore, in view of the projected rise in population and income (especially of non-agricultural workforce), huge demand in agriculture and agro-processing industries is expected. As per the ‘Agriculture Policy Vision 2020’, there would be around 2.5 mn tonnes in additional demand for food grains annually, while significant supply increases will be needed for livestock, fish and horticulture products as well.

As per D&B’s estimates, the agriculture sector is expected to record 4.3% growth during FY11-FY20, facilitated by growth in agriculture sector investments. Investment in agriculture sector is expected to grow to around 3.8% of GDP by FY20 as against 2.6% (E) of GDP in FY11.

The rise in agriculture sector growth could also be achieved through improvement in total factor productivity while maintaining a relatively lower agricultural investment rate. Total factor productivity in agriculture can be improved through investments in irrigation, infrastructure development (such as road, electricity, supply chain and storage, etc), research and development activities in agriculture and agro-processing and efficient use of water and fertilizers.

Irrigation

Although considerable progress has been made in terms of irrigation, substantial investments in irrigation projects will be required to accelerate growth in the agriculture sector. Availability of adequate, timely and assured irrigation for crops will help shield the sector from the vagaries of monsoons, in turn leading to enhancement of land productivity in dry and rain-fed regions. Hence, an increased focus on development of irrigation facilities is expected during the current decade. Development of irrigation facilities will largely be funded through public investments, while private investment in irrigation will continue to be in wells, overhead tanks, check dams, ponds and water lifting devices as these have short gestation periods.

The central Government has already declared 14 irrigation projects as national projects. These mainly include Nao Dehang Dam Project and Upper Siang Project (Arunachal Pradesh), Kulsi Dam Project (Assam) Renuka Dam Project and Gyspa Project (Himachal Pradesh), Kishau Project (Himachal Pradesh/ Uttarakhand), Bursar Project and Ujh Multipurpose Project (Jammu & Kashmir), Ken-Betwa Project (Madhya Pradesh), Gosikhurd Project (Maharashtra), Shahpur Kandi Project and Ravi Vyas Link (Punjab), Lakhvar Vyasi Project (Uttarakhand), and Teesta Barrage Project (West Bengal). These projects are expected to irrigate about 2.1 million hectare of farm land apart from engendering additional indirect benefits and availability of drinking water. The projects will receive central assistance of 90% of the cost of the project as grant. Currently, there are 169 major irrigation projects and 219 medium irrigation projects under implementation throughout the country, which will bring about substantial increase in irrigated area during the current decade. While significant investment is expected in irrigation facilities, timely and effective implementation of irrigation projects coupled with people participation will be vital to achieve the desired objectives.

Further, micro irrigation systems such as drip irrigation are expected to gain prominence in water-scarce and rain-fed areas. According to the Eleventh Five Year Plan, out of 69 MH net irrigated area in the country, only 0.5 MH is under drip irrigation and sprinkler accounts for 0.7 MH. This indicates potential for expansion of various micro irrigation systems in the form of sprinklers and drip irrigation in low rainfall areas. The suggestion in the Eleventh Five Year plan that while sanctioning new irrigation projects implementation of micro irrigation in at least 10.0% of the command area will be made obligatory for project authorities, can boost micro irrigation projects.

In recent years, some states are seeing depletion in the water table, in turn leading to rise in investments for digging as well as deepening of existing wells. Further, lowering of the water table leads to rise in operating costs such as electricity and maintenance of water lifting devices. Against this backdrop, artificial recharge to ground water through dug wells is expected to increase during the current decade. Moreover, the “Recharge of Ground Water through Dug wells’ scheme launched during the Eleventh Five Year Plan in 1,180 over-exploited, critical and semi-critical blocks of seven states (Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh) for recharge structure is expected to provide sustainability to ground water. Under this scheme, total number of irrigation dug wells is proposed to be 4.5 million of which 2.7 million would be owned by small and marginal farmers.

Technology and research & development

In addition to development of irrigation facilities, increased investment in technology, especially information and communication technology (ICT), will help drive agriculture growth. The adoption of ICT is expected to facilitate agricultural advisory services round the clock. It will help farmers secure various kinds of information viz. land use; planning based on integrated information on soil, water, fertilizer and pest management models; where and how to get good quality seeds/plants; and prevailing prices of farm equipments and agricultural produce. Moreover, there will be an increasing requirement of an agriculture information centre in each village for forecasting of future demand/prices to guide farmers in production planning and soil testing laboratories. Further, more research is expected on use of frontier technologies such as biotechnology, remote sensing technology, pre and post harvest technology, energy-saving technology, and use of GIS/RS based system to strengthen Decision Support System (DSS) in agriculture.

Greater emphasis is also expected on human resource development. Demand for agricultural courses, especially in seed technology and food safety, is expected to increase during the current decade.

Cold storage and post harvest management

Post-harvest losses in India are currently 5-10% for non-perishables and about 30% for perishable farm output. In view of this, greater focus is likely on development of post-harvest handling and agro processing during the current decade. The capital investment subsidy scheme implemented by the Ministry of Agriculture is also expected to support investments in cold storage and rural godowns. While public investments are expected to provide the much-needed support for development of post-harvest infrastructure, special thrust will be needed on encouraging private investments in this segment. Subsidy under National Horticultural Mission and the scheme for Development/ Strengthening of Agricultural Marketing Infrastructure, Grading & Standardisation are likely to attract private investments.

Other miscellaneous infrastructure investments that will help accelerate agriculture sector growth directly/indirectly include:

