City Index is the leading Stock market institute in the Karnataka ,we trained more than 800+ clients across the India ( online+offline)
Benefits of attending our workshop/Webinar
✓Right education to invest in stock market
✓An inside view of intraday trading
✓ Experience the potential growth of trading in stock market
✓ Learn highly profitable Stock Market strategies
✓Free demat account opening
✓ Classes for NISM Certifications
#stocktrading #stockmarketinvesting #investment #Nifty

REGISTER FOR FREE SEMINAR
CONTACT US-9986622277 / 9986622246 FOR REGISTERING. THE SEMINAR
Learn to make Daily min 5000 in your presence and also in your absence. No matter Coz of corona market crash or economic is down. Learn to encash this opportunity & Learn to make parallel income. Also Learn to Achieve your Financial freedom for Life time.
Attend our Free Stock market Seminar On Saturday evening- Below is the Registration Link:
https://zoom.us/…/regi…/tJEpf-uprz8vHNKCFiIHrxL8sDRFYGwFb-U2
MG Team
Thank you

It could be of use to Working Professionals

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Stock Businews 14th January 2022
        

To view or add a comment, sign in

2,970 followers


A man with humble roots, Mitesh Patel is by-and-large a self-trained trader who does not mince words to protect his territory

Karnataka: New pension scheme implemented for teaching, non-teaching staff in medical education department. Read more:
http://bweducation.businessworld.in/…/K-…/28-08-2020-314021/

Kannada Super star Puneeth Rajkumar was in Belagavi today to celebrate the success of his latest movie Doddmane Hudga.

Form 27Q is used for quarterly filing of TDS returns electronically on any payment other than salary to non- residents, including NRIs and foreigners

Give your bike the right protection. Insure your two-wheeler today! Get a Quote Now!

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Real Estate became one of the best way for the investment. For many people Real estate became a biggest source of income and wealth. Many people invests their years of savings in real estate with the hope to get much more return on their investment. Real estate investments always will be profitable, after few years either they get double money by selling it or else property value will be increased.

Many people are involved in the real estate business in Karnataka. Real estate business doesn’t require any degree certain amount of investment, property knowledge, communication skills and network will make you successful in this business.

Real estate investments are increasing in Karnataka with the time. Construction business in Karnataka is on high demand. Now Real estate became a high competitive business in Karnataka.

Sewakram realty is growing as one of the best real estate builders in Hubli-Dharwad, north Karnataka. Sewakram realty’s team designed with the highly qualified and experienced engineers, architects and skilled Labors. Team Coordination and it’s dedication towards work leads to achieve the clients desires.

Sewakram Realty is known for their commitments, Quality service, timely delivery & Technical ideas. With the best services Sewakram realty is growing as a one of the best real estate contractor and developers. Sewakram realty provides multiple services in north Karnataka. It is one of the best real estate consultants in Hubli-Dharwad. It has completed many contract based construction projects commercial, residential & industrial projects, hence growing as one of the best civil contracts in Karnataka.

Sewakram Realty is available to serve in any where in Karnataka. Sewakram Realty can serve Contract based construction projects, commercial, residential, industrial, cold storage, designing, 3D designing, interior Designing etc.

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

A faster and better way to access
all the functionality of LinkedIn –
anytime, anywhere. 

Search and apply to millions of openings.

Keep up with the latest news from your network.

Find and keep in touch with friends and colleagues.

The word “Sinhasi” has its origin in Japanese art and depicts a protective shield, which is meant to ward off evil and ill omen. This is the underlying business credo on which Sinhasi Consultants was conceived and created to offer financial advisory and planning services combined with the spirit to “Protect, Enrich and Nurture” your wealth.

Founded in 2005 by Ms. Mimi Partha Sarathy, Sinhasi has built up an enviable client base of both individuals and corporates. Mimi Partha Sarathy, Managing Director, Sinhasi Consultants, holds a Masters is Finance, Masters in Marketing and Diploma in Accounting from the Webster University in Geneva, Switzerland and has over 18 years of experience in the Financial Service Industry.

WE are a Virtual Family Office providing Holistic Wealth Management Services. Sinhasi Consultants is one of the MOST VALUABLE BOUTIQUE WEALTH MANAGEMENT FIRM in India offering its services in the exclusive space of HNI wealth management.

We build strong exclusive relationships with the clients so that they stay on top of their game and lead an enriching & fulfilling life.
PLANNING AND ADVISORY SERVICES

Customized Holistic Financial Plans
 Built on competent research and analysis.
 Continuous fund monitoring along with dynamic asset allocation. 
Investment Planning
 Return optimization through a prudent mix of pedigree investment opportunities.
 Focused analysis of risk appetite, investment risks, and time horizon.
Insurance Planning
 Health Insurance.
 Life Insurance.

DISTRIBUTION SERVICES: Distribution of Few, Relevant, and Focused Investment Products and Solutions.

Insurance 
 Life Insurance.
 Health Insurance.
 Home Insurance.
Investment Solutions
 Mutual Funds – Debt, Equity, Specialized, and Hybrid.
 Portfolio Management Schemes (PMS).
 Commodities i.e. Gold, Silver, etc.
 Real Estate Funds.
 Private Equity Funds.
 Post Office Schemes.
 Bank and Corporate Bonds and Deposits.
 Other Specialized/Structured Products.

Financial Services

Bengaluru, Karnataka

Bangalore, Karnataka

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Disclaimer: This post is not about establishing superiority of any caste or culture. It's not about patronizing any caste or culture. It's just about observation of cultural differences.

Every culture/region has certain peculiar traits. And they are not just reflected in its language, art, fashion but also in behavior, politics and economics. These traits often lead to stereotypes which have a negative connotation attached, because stereotypes lead to judging and when politicians exploit them, they also lead to communal tension and riots. So try not to take this article too personally. Try to look at it from the sociological point of view. The purpose of sociology is to understand societies and develop appropriate polices for them, and not to judge individuals belonging to a specific community.

I feel the most important aspect of sociology is understanding history, while psychology is secondary. It’s not a coincidence that Sindhis, Gujaratis and Marwadis (or Marwaris) come from the same region - northwest region of southeast Asia. 5000 years ago, in this region, existed the Harappan civilization. They didn't know what papad, dhokla or kachori was. They had agriculture, livestock and the Indus (Sindhu) river. They also had boats using which they traveled and traded with Persians and Egyptians. Over the next couple of thousand years, the civilization declined (reasons unknown) and people started moving inland towards Ganga river. Religions started popping up like startups pop up today. Then, over the next couple of thousand years, the Indus valley started getting populated again, with ever evolving cultures. A lot of things changed but the trading continued. The precious goods (jewelry, spices, cotton & cloth) traded, were re-traded by Persians/Egyptians to Europeans. The Indian goods created an image of a rich India in the minds of Europeans and got Vasco da Gama to India by a sea route so that they could bypass the middle men. The Britishers followed, and that shaped the urban (and to some extent, rural) India as we know it today.

Coming back to the topic, we (or at least I) don't clearly know how the northwestern communities of India evolved. But looking at the similarities in their clothes (colorful), music, behavior (money-minded), language, occupation and location (they are all neighbors, Sindhis are from Pakistan and Marwad was is western Rajasthan), they seem to have a common origin (probably dating back to the Harappans).

Historically, they have been the interface between the Persians/Egyptians and Indians. Acting as producers and also middle-men, they traded between 2 different cultures (hypothetically) making profits as neither side would know what the true cost of goods being sold are. They traded more in precious and high margin goods.

What made these communities so successful was that they realized there is a limit to how much business you can do in a confined space. This realization coming with constant Arab-Indian conflicts on their land; they migrated. Sindh and Gujarat having coastlines, Sindhis and Gujaratis spread throughout the world. Marwad being landlocked, Marwadis spread within India. Because of the varied cultures and religions, the Sindhis and Gujaratis have been exposed to, they are lesser conservative than Marwadis. Irrespective, they did what they knew best, and that was trading of precious and high margin goods; at a much bigger scale and with wider customer base. They became rich in due course of time.

Kannadigas (people who speak Kannada) have a different history and hence, the way they do business has evolved differently. Until a few years ago, I just thought of all people living in South India as South Indians. Then I met the Telugus, Malayalis and Tamilians (working in Pune) to realize how different they were. But I hadn't met many Kannadigas until very recently when I visited Hampi, a village in Karnataka. There's a theory that says the Harappan people were actually Dravidians (South Indians) and they were pushed south by the incoming/invading Aryans (Persians/Europeans). Kannadigas most likely didn't exist then, but 500 years ago they definitely did, and Hampi was the capital of a kingdom called Vijayanagara and the 2nd largest city in the world, after Beijing. The intention of my trip was to enjoy and be awed by the beauty and scale of the Vijayanagara architecture, but I had some experiences there that led me to research and write this article:

The Kannadigas at Hampi (including the Brahmans) have adapted themselves to the changing profile of their customers (from pilgrims to tourists). For most communities, it would have been a culture shock, but those Kannadiga villagers have embraced this change well. And this is not something new to them. Even 500 years ago, the Vijayanagara kingdom was the most prosperous and most secular among all Indian kingdoms. They had equal respect and opportunities for local (Telugu, Tamil) as well as foreign (Persian, Arab) communities. The market surrounding the long path to Vittala temple (the most magnificent temple of that time) were occupied by Persians selling horses. The royal courtyard had quarters for Muslim chiefs. Telugu, Tamil and Tulu literature & art were given equal importance compared to Kannada. This probably explains why Hampi, or even Bengaluru for that matter, are the way they are today. They create a conducive environment for all communities to thrive. Contrary to the north western communities which focus on profitability and exploring untapped markets, Kannadigas stay at home, build a market place and attract talent & customers. 

According to me, Kannadigas have a more sustainable style of business, but they are certainly not the richest community existing today. The top business houses of India (by revenue) today are Ambanis, Tatas, Birlas who are Gujarati, Parsi (Persian), Marwadi, respectively. But consider these facts:

These facts are state-specific and not community-specific, but they do tell us something about the states, their people and their mindsets. And success of business and life doesn't always have to be measured in terms of money made. Their impact beyond economics should count too. How much employment are these businesses generating. How much happiness are they spreading. How sustainable are they as entities and for the environment. My search for these answers continues...

UPDATE:

Bengaluru is the most dynamic city as per an independent evaluation of 143 cities across the world. By dynamic, it means that Bengaluru is the most adaptable in embracing change. (Source - http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/bangalore-beats-silicon-valley-becomes-the-most-dynamic-city-in-the-world/articleshow/56645305.cms)

Adaptability is the most important factor is surviving the test of evolution and time. From the point of sustainability, I find Kannadigas second to none.

On 11th May 2015, in a rare and landmark judgment the honourable judge of Karnataka High Court took  few minutes only to read the judgment  to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa  of all charges after finding that she had not amassed Rs 66.65 crore as earlier alleged by the appealant / decided by the special court in Bengaluru in September 2014 but only a few crores of Rupees. Jayalalithaa’s case relates to the period 1991-96 when she was the chief minister of Tamilnadu.

According to the learned judge Jayalalithaa is eligible for acquittal because she had acquired only 8.12% disproportionate asset over and above her known source of / accounted income.

The key legal principle that the learned judge employed using a precedent to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa was that the accused is eligible for acquittal if the quantum of disproportionate asset is only ‘10%’ over and above the known accounted income. As in the case of Madam Jayalalithaa it is well below the judicial threshold of 10% she was eligible for acquittal.

Source; News Items published elsewhere in newspapers / portals

Work Hard, Money fast.

Motor Vehicle Manufacturing

Security and Investigations

South Queensferry, Edinburgh

Investment Banking

New York, NY

What is agriculture?

Definition: Agriculture is generally known as Farming; it is an art and science that prudent endeavor to reshape a part of Earth's crust through cultivation of plants and other crops as well as raising livestock for sustenance or other necessities for human being and economic gain.

Importance of Agriculture:

Agriculture plays a chiefly role in economy as well as it is considered to be the backbone of economic system for developing countries. For decades, agriculture has been related with the production of vital food crops. The Present era of farming contains dairy, fruit, forestry, poultry beekeeping and arbitrary etc. However, it could be referred to as promotion, processing, marketing, and distribution of crops and livestock products. It is also provide the employment chances to huge percentage of the inhabitants. The industrial sector of Pakistan is almost depends on agriculture for raw material. The input of agriculture towards GDP is about 25% which is highest contribution any other sectors. The following are the main points of the importance of agriculture for the Pakistan economy.

(1) Source of Livelihood: The incoming sources of many peoples depends on the agriculture, about 70% population of directly rely with agriculture for livelihood. This gigantic ratio in this sector is as a result of none development of non-agricultural activities to absorb the fast-growing population. Nevertheless, mostly populations of developed countries do not rely on agriculture.

(2) Contribution to National revenue: Mostly developing counties depends on agriculture for their source of national income. While for developed countries it contributes as smallest ration to their national income.

(3) Supply of Food as well as Fodder: It provides feed and silage to the domestics animals. Moreover, livestock provides milk and proteins as people’s foods requirements.

(4) Significance to the International Trade: Various commodities as sugar, tea, rice, cotton, tobacco, coffee etc., that rely on agriculture are the major items to be exports to the other countries. This practice is helpful to decrease countries critical balance of expenditures and saving foreign exchange. This volume may be well used to import other vital inputs, machinery, raw-material, and other infrastructure that is supportive for country’s monetary development.

(5) Marketable Surplus:

The advanced of agriculture sector that share to marketable surplice. Most of population related with manufacturing, mining that depends on food production that might meet from the nation’s marketable surplus. As agricultural sector development takes place, production increases and this leads to expansion of marketable surplus. This may be exported to other nations.

(6) Development of the Banking Sector:

One of another role of this department is in the development of agriculture sector. The government takes action to enhance the crops productivity by providing the credit facilities to the farmers at low-interest amounts. Therefore, the government established the ZTBL for the provision of credit facilities.

(7) Farm Mechanization: To enrich the economy through the introduction of farm mechanization played effective role in agriculture sector. With the use of modern machinery in agricultural lands causes more and high-quality production of crops. So, the provision of raw material to the industries increases.

(8) Forestry:

Approximately 5% of the land is comprises with forests in Pakistan. This is the primary source of paper, lumber, fuel-wood, and latex medicine. It is also used for the purpose of wildlife conservation and ecotourism.

Animal husbandry or livestock farming has highest involvement to economic growth. The annual protein per capita is 18 kg of meat and 155 litters of milk. By-products of milk and meat have suitable market value. Farmers can receive a decent amount by generating and providing these products to the marketplace.

(10) Use of Nanotechnology:

The advancement of nanotechnology is helping the high yielding varieties with high-quality goods. High-quality products result in a high rate of return to the farmers and the per capita income of farmers increases. An increase in per capita income shows the growth of the economy toward development.

An important lesson that the pandemic has taught all industries and businesses is that while their scale of operations can be a boon to fight competition, it can be a nightmare in times such as the Covid-19 pandemic. The scale and fast growth of the industry led to the realisation that there are many loopholes in the system that need to be rectified.

The growth of Global Positioning Systems or General Packet Radio Service systems has largely contributed to the cab aggregator market in India. A momentous rise in smartphone penetration, improved ability of high-speed internet connectivity, increased investment in the online cab market by foreign investors and the swelling disposable income created an environment for the growth of the cab aggregator industry in India. What differentiated these cab aggregators from radio taxi operators was that there was no need for them to hold inventory and they had to face fewer legal hurdles as they neither owned the vehicles nor did they have any drivers on their payroll. The online cab aggregator industry operated on a pay-for-performance business model, where the cab drivers were paid for the pick-up and drop services of the cab aggregator companies. These aggregator companies connected the demand side, i.e. the customers, with the supply side, i.e., the cab drivers. The aggregators chose their supply-side partners, i.e. cab drivers, as their target customers. To earn revenue, the cab aggregators charged a certain commission from the cab drivers' income in exchange for providing leads/customers to them. So, operationally, these cab aggregators were giving rise to an on-demand economy, known as the Gig Economy. 

The challenge faced was that these cab aggregators had to balance both the demand and supply side requirement. Even though issues such as the Goods and Services Tax, shortage of the supply of online cab services due to reduced driver incentives, search in ride fares and extended reading time had led to slow market growth in the last decade. The pandemic hit at a time of mass diversification and challenged cab aggregators to take quick action and adapt continuously. The mass lockdown in India in March and staggered unlocking dealt a huge blow to the $10 billion cab aggregator market in India including all app-based mobility providers such as Uber and Ola. All the critical success factors associated with the cab aggregator business model were questioned especially the operations and service delivery, the price trap transparency, technology, operations, branding and marketing, customer feedback, quality audits, surge pricing and the use of analytics. The importance of authenticity, logic and empathy has grown multifold especially for the top management to enforce trust and ensuring that a new model develops to support old business operations as well as the stakeholders.

The pandemic challenged cab aggregators in India by impacting their networks on both the demand and supply side, change in clusters due to massive migrations in India, rapid changes in the macro-environmental factors with continuous changes in government policies as well as acknowledging the concerns of the Indian population and communicating them effectively. What further challenged cab aggregators and has been potentially harmful to their long-term plans is the nature of their digital network services which are not delivered by the drivers but are a part of an algorithm-driven operation designed to support its customers keeping the drivers' loyalty as the primary focus. To support those whose future opportunities have been impacted as a result of Covid-19 as well as all those communities which have been hit hard by the pandemic several initiatives were taken, in particular, payments for financial assistance, cost of personal protective equipment distributed to drivers, driver reimbursement for purchasing protective equipment, costs related to free rides and food deliveries to healthcare workers, seniors and others in need as well as charitable donations. 

The cab aggregator industry has been massively disrupted due to the fear of infection with most adopting a ‘survive as you thrive’ strategy in the meantime. Negative impact due to the pandemic has led cab aggregators to find new sources of revenue in the fight to remain relevant to such a day where they can switch original goals. The first of such measures has been the inclusion of a B2B effort for health care providers from different healthcare organisations and hospitals. This became a lifeline extension of cab aggregator brands as healthcare workers and professionals have lacked the resources to travel ever since the early days of the pandemic. This was also important as healthcare providers have tried to contain the virus while ensuring they do not get infected themselves. This effort was useful in polarising drivers who were willing to drive and provide help in times of need in exchange for financial safety in uncertain times. These companies also took many efforts to provide financial and health aids.

Our survey findings reflected the changes in the monthly spending of Indian consumers as they drastically minimised time spent outside their homes. This meant that there was a growing demand for services that provided food and grocery delivery at home. To retain customer demand, cutting down fares was not an option for cab-hailing companies. It can only help in the short-term demand but people, in any case, are less likely to bargain their health for a cheaper ride. This option of grocery delivery was also beneficial for drivers since the lockdown lifted and the drivers were allowed to pivot to different demands based on the different services which were needed in different unprecedented situations. This diversification of the revenue stream helped drivers to thrive with several PUA and UI benefits along with banking for providing additionally for the high-risk nature of their jobs.

Aggregators have also clearly taken steps towards goals of reducing personal travel vehicles on Indian roads. However, the increase in car sales especially for those who have money may lead to a reduction in the business of cab aggregators in India post-Covid 19. The pandemic has greatly challenged this goal with most people purchasing small hatchbacks and utility vehicles to avoid ride-sharing. With the automobile industry actively attacking their market share, aggregator companies have been agile to adopt green technologies with an increased investment towards electric vehicles which are both accessible and affordable in the long-term. This part of the product portfolio is surely seeing an upward trend with shared mobility returning as the pandemic slowly dies. Cab aggregators are collaborating and diversifying in all manner to ensure that the goals towards sustainability are met in the long run. 

One interesting collaboration was initiated in January 2021, where Lenskart and Uber partnered with the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways to promote road safety and offered free eye tests and subsidised vision correction classes to driver-partners. In addition, Uber also launched an educational video for the driver community. With the promise to focus on safety in all forms, Uber took the initiative to increase awareness about road safety measures, especially among drivers. This effort ensured that the entire cab aggregator stakeholder network of riders, drivers and city administration work together to make each trip safer. Another collaboration was done by Uber and pharmaceutical company Moderna who have partnered to provide users with credible, factual information about the COVID-19 vaccine safety through Uber’s consumer app as well as assist in the vaccination programme to help with the logistics as well as spreading the correct information during the campaign. The third important partnership was between Uber and Shell with standard support to all drivers in the states of Karnataka Tamil Nadu Maharashtra and Gujarat with benefit schemes for a QR code-based virtual fuel card allowing all drivers to pay for fuel and access special discounts through a network of 180 shell sites. The first 10,000 drivers in each state get a preloaded and one-time amount of Rs.200 Which can be used to make a purchase at any Shell station. These instances of collaboration suggest that the ride-hailing industry has accelerated towards digitalisation and several means have been initiated to grow in the long term.

Cab aggregators have also invested heavily in technology by using Cloud, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning to improve their user experience. They have actively invested in technology to also improve and use complex marketplace algorithms, better predictions, safety tech and payments platforms to improve their user experience. One important use of Machine Learning was implemented during COVID-19 to ensure safer environments for the end-user by including improved detection to ensure health safety protocols are followed, improved rider and driver verification, one quick chat, allowing drivers to chat with the riders with the click and allowing for better focus on driving through used distractions and fraud detection to prevent financial fraud to end customers. Machine learning has also helped in improving time predictions, personalisation and ranking models, richer information for enabling easier choices, chatbots and faster customer support leading to a fast resolution of issues and automated back-end processes. Another important development is the increase in the valuable membership programmes which give consumers exclusive access to many different services while ensuring safety. The redesign of the application for B2B and B2C models has fostered strong season-based demand in all segments with an increase in interest towards vouchers, gift cards, meal programmes et cetera. The cab aggregators have also focused on an important aspect of the business by providing services which help in delivering packages and mail.

Cab aggregator services have been adopting a model with collective technology, resources and experience can be used to supplement and build a current and long-term software infrastructure for mobility management based on different community needs. This implies that a single cab aggregator can morph into different services as per the different needs of its consumers by becoming a one-stop-shop destination. As public transportation is threatened due to the COVID-19 pandemic, new ideas are key in order to find financially sustainable solutions in the long term.

For most cab aggregators bank on ride-hailing as their primary revenue source, it will take a little longer to witness a full recovery compared to other business models which may rise and see substantial growth as time progresses. 

In conclusion, I have learnt that cab aggregator service providers in India have a long way to strengthen their business as a result of this pandemic further aggravating existing issues and bringing new issues to light. While considerable efforts have been made to combat new problems, it is necessary that cab aggregators redefine their roles and re-emphasise their responsibility towards their primary stakeholders – drivers and also their riders. This means that the expansion of the business should not be done at the cost of harming the interests of their stakeholders especially when the economy, as well as the industry, is struggling to stay relevant. All companies must take deliberate action to ensure that safety is paramount and their services in mobility are accessible to all those who need a cab for the purpose of transportation. In a country like India with large-scale operations and many diverse consumer segments, it is necessary that micro- strategies are formulated to withstand the impact of COVID-19 in India. From a pragmatic viewpoint, it may be said that by understanding the influences of various variables on customer satisfaction, marketers are likely to envisage and plan the actions in leveraging these services. 

For more on the Post Covid Strategies in the Cab Aggregator Industry in India, STAY TUNED into the MOMENTUM LinkedIn group - https://lnkd.in/e2kNhF2 to connect and share the changes which will mark the start of a new era in Indian mobility.

Growth Drivers

India has emerged as a strong economy over the years. The recent global financial and economic crisis had an impact on India’s economic growth momentum during FY09. However, the economy has been remarkably resilient against shocks such as turmoil in the global and domestic financial markets, severe drought conditions and hardening international crude oil prices, sustaining its GDP growth. It has managed to escape relatively unscathed from the global economic turmoil owing to strong fundamentals, which would continue to drive its growth. Thus, it is important to undertake integrated efforts to further strengthen these fundamentals and fulfill the aspiration of achieving a strong growth in future.

 

Strong growth can only be achieved through realisation of full-growth potential of some key growth areas. This section seeks to identify potential growth drivers that could stimulate growth and drive the Indian economy on a high and sustainable growth path. In this endeavour we begin by identifying substantial investments in physical, growth drivers social and agricultural infrastructure as the key growth drivers which will enable the economy to achieve ‘inclusive growth’. Although we expect these three factors to contribute significantly in India’s growth story during the current decade (2011-20), the role of other factors (such as technological progress, improvement in productivity and India’s young demography, etc) should not be underrated. Further, Government of India (GoI) and the private sector need to undertake necessary integrated efforts to strengthen these growth drivers and achieve high GDP growth. The following section elucidates future growth drivers of India’s economic growth.

Investment in physical infrastructure

Sustained increase in infrastructure is expected to be one of the crucial factors for sustaining strong growth during the current decade. Significant investment in physical infrastructure will also lead to employment generation, increased production efficiency, reduction in cost of doing business and improved standard of living.

According to D&B’s estimates, infrastructure investment (as measured by Gross Fixed Capital Formation) is expected to surge to 12.1% of GDP by FY20 from 7.0% of GDP in FY11. Rising demand for infrastructure facilities, given the rapid growth in urbanisation, bulging of the middle class and an increasing working-age population, would engender substantial increase in infrastructure investments during the current decade.

Apart from development of infrastructure facilities in existing cities/towns, increased focus is expected on infrastructure development in new townships/rural areas. Regional-urban development plans will be made to identify new growth corridors. D&B expects a substantial rise in rural infrastructure development, which will provide further impetus to economic growth in rural areas, in turn resulting in significant reduction in poverty. Increased investment in rural infrastructure will benefit the rural population through higher income, rise in employment opportunities, and lower cost of basic goods due to improvement in transportation facilities. Nonetheless, improvement in rural infrastructure will need to be properly targeted to benefit the rural poor.

Sectoral analysis of infrastructure investment in 2020

A detailed breakdown of infrastructure investment by sectors reveal that electricity (including non-conventional energy) and construction of roads and bridges will continue to account for the largest share in total infrastructure investments during the current decade.

Electricity

In view of the rapid growth in urbanisation and industrialisation, total demand for power is expected to increase substantially during the current decade. This will require substantial increase in the power generation capacity and in turn infrastructure investments in this segment. As per Investment Commission of India, more than 78,000 MW of additional power generation capacity is being planned during the current decade including set up of 9 Ultra Mega Power Projects with power generation capacity of 4,000 MW each. Considerable investments are also expected in the transmission & distribution network (including an additional 60,000 circuit km of transmission network expected by 2012) during the same period. Substantial capacity addition in generation & transmission of electricity will require significant investments. We expect infrastructure investment in the electricity sector to grow at CAGR of around 20.0% during FY11-FY20 and it will account for 4.3% of GDP FY20. Moreover, permission for 100% FDI for generation, transmission & distribution of electricity coupled with incentives such as income tax holiday for a block of 10 years in the first 15 years of operation, waiver of capital goods and import duties on mega power projects are likely to attract private investment in this segment.

Oil & Gas

Demand for oil is expected to increase substantially by 2020, primarily driven by the transportation and industrial sectors. On the other hand, the growing requirement of gas for the domestic power and fertilizer sectors is expected to raise demand for gas during the current decade. Domestic production of oil & gas is expected to increase considerably by 2020, given the recent exploration and development efforts underway in the country. However, it might not be able to meet the entire requirement in the country, which implies need for a huge amount of oil & gas imports. Development of technologies enabling efficient use of fossil fuels coupled with use of renewable energy sources could help in filling the demand-supply gap for oil & gas. GoI has already started taking initiatives to encourage exploration of alternate fuel sources such as coal bed methane (CBM), gas hydrates, hydrogen fuel cell, and blending of bio-fuels to reduce the country’s dependence on imported fuel.

Road

With a growing population in India, demand for road transport would increase further by 2020. While state highways are expected to link most districts in the country, all-weather rural roads are expected to provide access to the furthest outlying villages. Moreover, construction of the golden quadrilateral, Delhi-Mumbai-Chennai-Kolkata-Delhi, is expected to help link these metros and other northern, southern, western and eastern cities by 2020. A massive 10-year programme (2005-15) has been implemented by National Highway Development Project (NHDP) in a phased manner with an investment of र 2356.90 bn including the completion of the works under NHDP Phase I and II, up gradation of 12,109 km of national highways on Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis in Phase III, widening of 20,000 km of national highways to two lanes with paved shoulders in NHDP Phase-IV, six-laning of 6,500 km length of selected national highways in Phase V, development of 1,000 km of expressways under NHDP Phase-VI and construction of 700 km of ring roads in major towns and bypasses and construction of other standalone structures giving a boost to the development of roadways. This, along with Ministry of Road Transport and Highway’s decision to accelerate implementation of National Highways to achieve a completion rate of 20 kms of highways/day will require substantial investment in road infrastructure. This translates to a 35,000 km at the rate of 7,000 km per year during 2009-14. Further, a larger amount of population is expected to move toward ‘own car travel’. However, substantial investments for creation and/or improvement in mass/public transport systems could help reduce the use of vehicles on roads in major metro cities. Various infrastructure development projects in the transport sector will require increased amount of investments. While GoI will continue to be a major source of funds (especially for construction of rural roads), private sector participation in development and operation of transport infrastructure (especially in the urban area and inter-state highway projects) is expected to increase substantially. GoI is already making efforts to attract private investment by offering projects on Build Operate and Transfer (BOT) basis. It has taken various policy initiatives that are likely to result in increased participation of private players in road construction projects. Moreover, internal generation of resources by transport services is likely to increase by 2020.

Rail

Rapid urbanisation along with increased domestic industrial activity is expected to accelerate growth of Indian railways during the current decade. According to the Ministry of Railways’ estimates, demand for passenger and freight services would surge, which would require expansion of 25,000 kms of new lines by 2020.

The Ministry of Railway has already initiated rail connectivity projects in north eastern states and Jammu & Kashmir at an estimated cost of र 280 bn. With the railway network spread to the furthest regions of the country (especially in north eastern parts), rail freight traffic is expected to increase substantially during the current decade. Manufactured products would account for a larger share in bulk cargo while a larger proportion of liquids would be transported through pipelines.

The development of fast inter-city rail services is expected to increase passenger train traffic by 2020. Moreover, high population density and traffic congestion problems in major metropolitan cities of India are likely to result in development of underground or flyover rail-based mass transport systems during the current decade.

Apart from the various capacity expansion projects for cargo and passenger train traffic, improved customer service, comfort and safety, reduction in freight costs & tariffs, reduction of the uneconomic services, and subsidies can ensure sustained growth of railways.

As per the estimates of Ministry of Railway, achieving the goals of Vision 2020 will require around र 14,000 bn of investments during the current decade. While a major portion of investments is expected to be financed internally through surpluses and support from GoI, public-private participation would also play a role in: construction of dedicated freight corridors (DFCs), development of world-class railway stations, manufacture of locomotives, coaches and wagons, high speed rail corridors, operation of container trains and special freight trains, port and other connectivity works, and elevated suburban rail corridor in Mumbai.

Air & Port

With rising income levels, passenger air traffic is expected to increase considerably by 2020. According to the Economic Survey 2010-11, India will be one of the fastest growing civil aviation markets in the world by 2020 with a passenger load of 420 mn in the Indian airport system as compared to 140 mn in 2010. An investment of additional 0.7 percentage point of GDP is required in the infrastructure by 2017. In FY11, an investment of Rs 26.53 bn was planned in ports and Rs 6.63 bn in airports infrastructure. These will be further aided by substantial investments in development of airports in tier-II cities as well as improvement of infrastructure in existing airports. In case of ports, the connection between several major rivers through a network of interlinking canals is expected to provide impetus to rapid growth of low-cost, inland water transport.

Infrastructure financing

Over the years, financing of infrastructure projects has been considered the responsibility of the government. However, given budgetary constraints and other priorities, although public investment continues to account for a larger share in infrastructure financing, it has decelerated since the past few years. Moreover, GoI is making efforts to encourage private investments in infrastructure projects. As a result, the share of the private sector in infrastructure financing gradually increased from a mere 25.1% in FY05 to 32.7% in FY10 (E) and is expected to increase further to 45.2% in FY20.

During the current decade, private investment in the form of Public Private Partnership (PPP) is expected to emerge as the preferred mode of investment in commercially-viable infrastructure projects, especially in sectors such as highways, airports, ports, railways and urban transit systems. In particular, projects such as rail-port connectivity, construction & operation of highways, leasing of port assets, construction & operation of container terminals, leasing of equipment for cargo handling and pilotage and captive facilities for port-based industries are expected to see private investment in PPP. The rise in PPP projects in the next few years can largely be attributed to significant advantages such as completion of projects on schedule and within budgets, better customer service, enhanced efficiency and cost savings including lower construction costs, reduced life-cycle maintenance costs and lower costs of associated risks.

Moreover, other funding sources such as debt financing (through commercial banks, NBFCs, pension/insurance companies and ECBs), FDIs, bond financing, and equity finance from financial investors including private equity funds such as venture capital funds and other institutional investors (such as dedicated infrastructure funds sponsored by consortium of insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored funds, etc) are expected to provide a viable alternative in meeting the financing requirements of the infrastructure sector. In fact, bond financing as well as financing from the insurance sector can emerge as the ideal source of finance for the infrastructure sector given its longer maturity requirements.

Given the financing constraints along with huge foreign exchange reserves, there has been a debate regarding possibility of using foreign exchange reserves for infrastructure financing. Some initiatives have already been taken by GoI to use a small part of the country’s foreign exchange reserves for infrastructure financing. However, given that the major portion of these reserves is built up either via RBI intervention in the forex market or through volatile short-term foreign portfolio inflows, use of forex reserves for infrastructure financing is unlikely to increase substantially during the current decade.

Investment in social infrastructure

While physical infrastructure is expected to play a vital role in maintaining the strong growth momentum during the current decade, improvement in social infrastructure (especially health and sanitation and education) will help the country to move toward inclusive growth. Social infrastructure mainly encompasses the health and education system.

Health and sanitation

Improvement in health and sanitation facilities can be achieved through improvement in access to and utilisation of health, family welfare and nutrition services with special focus on under-served and underprivileged population. It is expected that during the current decade as well, the responsibility of implementing healthcare and sanitation programmes will mainly lie with the state government and local bodies while financial assistance will be provided by the central government and external agencies. According to D&B’s forecasts, total government expenditure on health is expected to remain low at 1.5% of GDP in FY20, as against 1.3% (budget estimates) of GDP in FY11.Given that public expenditure on health is expected to remain low, private expenditure would have to increase substantially for improvement in health infrastructure. Furthermore, health insurance plans as well as government schemes such as ‘National Health Insurance Scheme’ for socially vulnerable and low-income people are also expected to play a role in financing of health services.

Education

Although literacy rates in India have increased considerably, from 18.0% in 1951 to 65.0% in 2001 and 74.0% in 2011, they are far below the UMI (upper-middle income) reference level of 95% and vary substantially among males and females as well as urban and rural regions. Nonetheless, the projected increase in per capita income, government schemes such as mid-day meals, availability of schools within habitation and incentives for attending school (like providing textbooks and uniform, etc) are expected to result in a higher enrollment ratio, especially in case of girls, and in turn help increase the literacy rates by 2020. Moreover, dropout rate at primary level are expected to decline further.

Apart from primary education, higher as well as vocational education is expected to assume significance in the current decade. The Eleventh Five Year Plan which envisages large expansion in higher education by setting up 1455 new educational institutions comprising central universities, IITs, IIMs, NITs, IISERs, SPAs and Polytechnics is expected to provide further boost to higher education in India.

In view of rising demand for education services at all levels, requirement of teachers is expected to increase substantially in the current decade. The training of increasing number of teachers, in turn, will require a large number of teachers’ training colleges.

With human resource increasingly gaining significance in the overall development of the country, development of education infrastructure is expected to remain the key focus in the current decade. In this scenario, infrastructure investment in the education sector is likely to see a considerable increase in the current decade. As per D&B’s estimates, public expenditure in education is expected to increase to 3.9% of GDP by FY20, compared with 3.0% (budget estimates) of GDP in FY11. Private expenditure on education is also expected to increase substantially in the current decade.

While we expect substantial progress on education front, some areas of concern will remain. These mainly include; wide variation in enrolment, attendance and actual coverage of children, cumbersome procedures for releasing of funds by states, shortage of trained teachers, inadequate monitoring and management structures, etc.

Investment in infrastructure for the agriculture sector

Although the share of agriculture sector in GDP is expected to decline further to around 9.2% by FY20, its significance in sustaining India’s growth momentum is expected to remain unchanged. Going forward, growth in agriculture needs to be sustained not only for ensuring national food security but also for achieving the government’s key objective of inclusive growth. Furthermore, in view of the projected rise in population and income (especially of non-agricultural workforce), huge demand in agriculture and agro-processing industries is expected. As per the ‘Agriculture Policy Vision 2020’, there would be around 2.5 mn tonnes in additional demand for food grains annually, while significant supply increases will be needed for livestock, fish and horticulture products as well.

As per D&B’s estimates, the agriculture sector is expected to record 4.3% growth during FY11-FY20, facilitated by growth in agriculture sector investments. Investment in agriculture sector is expected to grow to around 3.8% of GDP by FY20 as against 2.6% (E) of GDP in FY11.

The rise in agriculture sector growth could also be achieved through improvement in total factor productivity while maintaining a relatively lower agricultural investment rate. Total factor productivity in agriculture can be improved through investments in irrigation, infrastructure development (such as road, electricity, supply chain and storage, etc), research and development activities in agriculture and agro-processing and efficient use of water and fertilizers.

Irrigation

Although considerable progress has been made in terms of irrigation, substantial investments in irrigation projects will be required to accelerate growth in the agriculture sector. Availability of adequate, timely and assured irrigation for crops will help shield the sector from the vagaries of monsoons, in turn leading to enhancement of land productivity in dry and rain-fed regions. Hence, an increased focus on development of irrigation facilities is expected during the current decade. Development of irrigation facilities will largely be funded through public investments, while private investment in irrigation will continue to be in wells, overhead tanks, check dams, ponds and water lifting devices as these have short gestation periods.

The central Government has already declared 14 irrigation projects as national projects. These mainly include Nao Dehang Dam Project and Upper Siang Project (Arunachal Pradesh), Kulsi Dam Project (Assam) Renuka Dam Project and Gyspa Project (Himachal Pradesh), Kishau Project (Himachal Pradesh/ Uttarakhand), Bursar Project and Ujh Multipurpose Project (Jammu & Kashmir), Ken-Betwa Project (Madhya Pradesh), Gosikhurd Project (Maharashtra), Shahpur Kandi Project and Ravi Vyas Link (Punjab), Lakhvar Vyasi Project (Uttarakhand), and Teesta Barrage Project (West Bengal). These projects are expected to irrigate about 2.1 million hectare of farm land apart from engendering additional indirect benefits and availability of drinking water. The projects will receive central assistance of 90% of the cost of the project as grant. Currently, there are 169 major irrigation projects and 219 medium irrigation projects under implementation throughout the country, which will bring about substantial increase in irrigated area during the current decade. While significant investment is expected in irrigation facilities, timely and effective implementation of irrigation projects coupled with people participation will be vital to achieve the desired objectives.

Further, micro irrigation systems such as drip irrigation are expected to gain prominence in water-scarce and rain-fed areas. According to the Eleventh Five Year Plan, out of 69 MH net irrigated area in the country, only 0.5 MH is under drip irrigation and sprinkler accounts for 0.7 MH. This indicates potential for expansion of various micro irrigation systems in the form of sprinklers and drip irrigation in low rainfall areas. The suggestion in the Eleventh Five Year plan that while sanctioning new irrigation projects implementation of micro irrigation in at least 10.0% of the command area will be made obligatory for project authorities, can boost micro irrigation projects.

In recent years, some states are seeing depletion in the water table, in turn leading to rise in investments for digging as well as deepening of existing wells. Further, lowering of the water table leads to rise in operating costs such as electricity and maintenance of water lifting devices. Against this backdrop, artificial recharge to ground water through dug wells is expected to increase during the current decade. Moreover, the “Recharge of Ground Water through Dug wells’ scheme launched during the Eleventh Five Year Plan in 1,180 over-exploited, critical and semi-critical blocks of seven states (Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh) for recharge structure is expected to provide sustainability to ground water. Under this scheme, total number of irrigation dug wells is proposed to be 4.5 million of which 2.7 million would be owned by small and marginal farmers.

Technology and research & development

In addition to development of irrigation facilities, increased investment in technology, especially information and communication technology (ICT), will help drive agriculture growth. The adoption of ICT is expected to facilitate agricultural advisory services round the clock. It will help farmers secure various kinds of information viz. land use; planning based on integrated information on soil, water, fertilizer and pest management models; where and how to get good quality seeds/plants; and prevailing prices of farm equipments and agricultural produce. Moreover, there will be an increasing requirement of an agriculture information centre in each village for forecasting of future demand/prices to guide farmers in production planning and soil testing laboratories. Further, more research is expected on use of frontier technologies such as biotechnology, remote sensing technology, pre and post harvest technology, energy-saving technology, and use of GIS/RS based system to strengthen Decision Support System (DSS) in agriculture.

Greater emphasis is also expected on human resource development. Demand for agricultural courses, especially in seed technology and food safety, is expected to increase during the current decade.

Cold storage and post harvest management

Post-harvest losses in India are currently 5-10% for non-perishables and about 30% for perishable farm output. In view of this, greater focus is likely on development of post-harvest handling and agro processing during the current decade. The capital investment subsidy scheme implemented by the Ministry of Agriculture is also expected to support investments in cold storage and rural godowns. While public investments are expected to provide the much-needed support for development of post-harvest infrastructure, special thrust will be needed on encouraging private investments in this segment. Subsidy under National Horticultural Mission and the scheme for Development/ Strengthening of Agricultural Marketing Infrastructure, Grading & Standardisation are likely to attract private investments.

Other miscellaneous infrastructure investments that will help accelerate agriculture sector growth directly/indirectly include:


Intraday Profits
Open Your FREE Demat account Today and start Earnings at Stock Market - https://tinyurl.com/4dmsk9fy
✌🏻Trading With Me✌🏻
👉🏻Cut Your losses Small, aim for big profits.
👉🏻You Can't even make a penny out of Markets without knowing how it works.
👉🏻Join with us to learn Small things regularly and to become a Profitable trader in long Run
👉🏻Always show interest in learning Levels and Make profit from them in long Run.
👉🏻Never think to be rich too quick
Contact for further support - 9008809090

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

You've viewed all jobs for this search

CEO at Info PAD Technologies

When Education Goes The Trump University way

To view or add a comment, sign in

Academic Specialist (Chemistry)-BYJU'S

Profits or losses are  a part every business in this world.
 BYJU'S is shining, rising & will rise more & more in upcoming time 🌟
everyone is pointing out the negative
but no-one is considering the positive outcome in less time period 🌸 moreover 👉 If you cannot praise anyone, then you should not do evil either. 
i guess this is not fair to judge any kind of business or any other profession 
I will always be cheering you & always no matter what. & i am super proud to be a part of BYJU'S undoubtedly.

 #world #business #outcome #rising 
Divya Gokulnath Sunitha Krishnan  Jyothi Kasinath  Manasa Hegde Vineet Singh Sanghamitra Bhargov  
Saurav Kumar  Roshan Rathore       Chetan Singh  C Sai Sashi Kiran  Vinay MR        Anita Kishore           Heena Muzaffar     KIRTIKA SINGLA  

87 followers

When Education Goes The Trump University way
        

Profits or losses are  a part every business in this world.
 BYJU'S is shining, rising & will rise more & more in upcoming time 🌟
everyone is pointing out the negative
but no-one is considering the positive outcome in less time period 🌸 moreover 👉 If you cannot praise anyone, then you should not do evil either. 
i guess this is not fair to judge any kind of business or any other profession 
I will always be cheering you & always no matter what. & i am super proud to be a part of BYJU'S undoubtedly.

 #world #business #outcome #rising 
Divya Gokulnath Sunitha Krishnan  Jyothi Kasinath  Manasa Hegde Vineet Singh Sanghamitra Bhargov  
Saurav Kumar  Roshan Rathore       Chetan Singh  C Sai Sashi Kiran  Vinay MR        Anita Kishore           Heena Muzaffar     KIRTIKA SINGLA  
        

Tutorate is a market leader in the segment of Financial Market Education. At Tutorate, we deliver cutting edge training to people willing to make a career in financial markets. Our programs are not ordinary “Run of the Mill” programs. Our programs bring extensive focus on “Next Generation Technologies” which give you an edge in ever competitive employment opportunities.

Advertising Services

New Delhi, Delhi

E-Learning Providers

Mental Health Care

Education Administration Programs

Gurgaon, Haryana

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now



By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

There are many incidents about people who have tried to garnerfortunes from the stock markets and have in turn suffered huge losses. However, that is just one side of the story. Trading being a zero-sum game, for every person who loses a fortune, there is another person who has earned it from him. So, how do you ensure that you are the latter?

The answer is: get educated. Undergoing a trading courseis one of the steps to success in the markets, and it is strongly recommended that every beginner shouldenrol in one. The experienced traders should also consider enrolling for advanced trading courses to sharpen their existing skills and to learn about additional productsto broaden their trading horizon.

Where to get a trading education?

There are many institutes which offer trading courses of different types and complexities. However, it is worthwhile to remember that trading education should ONLY be taken from an institution with a proven track record and experience in practical trading as well. I run one such academy in India named Kredent Academy. It is a part of the Kredent Group, a well-recognised name in the Indian financial markets. The Academy draws from the vast practical experiencethat the group possesses. Some of our courses also include trading sessions in live market environments which are essentialto build up the students’ confidence. If you're comfortable with the online learning environment, explore free & paid online financial market courses on Elearnmarkets.com 

Trading education will make you market ready:                     

The following are the key benefits you will get from getting a proper education:

The stock market is akin to a battlefield. While you are trading, you are pitted against smart and experienced traders out there.If you have to win this battle, you have to be better than them. A trading course will give you in-depth concepts about stock trading andsome important tools and techniques that will help you to succeed.

While it is important to make money in the markets, it is vitally important that you protect your capital too. A proper education will enable you to understand that risks of the market and how to stay protected.

Every trader needs to have the right psychology to succeed. A trading course will help you to understand and develop yourself, as well as understand the market psychology deeply.

In the stock markets, opportunities do not last forever. So unless you are quick, you will miss opportunities for making money. Most trading courses have sessions which will help the students to improve upon the speed at which they place their orders.

You will get to know the common do’s and don’ts of trading which will allow you to stay safe and profitable.

Your instructor in the trading course will help you to create a Trading Plan for yourself. It will be a crucial document to help you to be disciplined while trading.

Most trading courses offer mentoring or doubt clearance sessions to the students for a certain period after the courses get completed. This is crucial for you to understand and rectify the initial mistakes that you would be making while trading. They will also give you additional inputs that will help you to succeed as a trader.

Let me know if you would like to add something to this list. You might have questions regarding the need of education for becoming a successful trader. Put them here. I will try my best to help. 

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

Hey there! This article is based on our second year major project of KL University named SDP(skill development project). On this regard a research work should be published. How we interacted with the user and what are the key insights that we gained and how we are going to design our project is this article all about.

Team Mates :

1) VENKATA SOWMYA KANCHARLA

2)KONDAVEETI SRAVANI

3)YAMINI CHOWDARY VAKALAPUDI

Our batch number is 485

Introduction :

The Stock Exchange Management System (SEM) refers to the system and processes to manage the stock of organization with the involvement of Technology system. The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in countries in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined.

Capital Market : Capital market is where both equity and debt instrument like equity shares, preference shares, debentures, bonds, etc. are bought and sold.

Functions of Capital Market:

Classification:

There are two types of capital market

1. Primary market - The primary market is a new issue market; it solely deals with the issues of new securities. A place where trading of securities is done for the first time.

Functions of Primary Market:

2. Secondary market - The secondary market is a place where trading takes place for existing securities. It is known as stock exchange or stock market. Here the securities are bought and sold by the investors. 

Functions of Secondary Market:

What actually is Stock Exchange?

Stock Exchange is an association or a individual which is established for the purpose of assisting, regulating, and controlling business in buying, selling and dealing in securities.

Functions of Stock Exchange:

Objectives and Goals of SEM:

1. To provide a fair, transparent and efficient securities market to investors using electronic trading system.

2. To establish nationwide trading facility for equities and debt instruments.

3.To ensure equal access to investors all over the country through an appropriate communication network.

ABSTRACT:

The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined. In order to make all the problems more comprehensive trading method in the world is used.

SURVEY:

THE STOCK EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS SURVEY will be conducted by our team members where we can understand the requirements of the users as well as the problems being faced by them The stock exchange represents one of the key institutions responsible for proper functioning of economy as a whole. This fact is true for all countries and helps explain why so much attention is given to regulation, monitoring and advancement of the exchanges. In order to gain the trust of all the participants in the capital market, the stock exchange is made completely transparent, so to speak, yet completely secure. It means that the trading rules on the stock exchange are known to the public, but the way in which the actual stock exchange works and the way in which these rules are implemented remains a well kept secret. Therefore no specific information can be obtained about the information systems of the stock exchange, only some general specifications of technical infrastructure.

MODULES:

We are thinking of four modules which consists of :

1. The development of the system that would handle the trading of bonds

2. Expanding the system by introducing new trading methods

3. Trading with all market materials

4. Introducing remote access Development and implementation of the stock exchange information system represents a responsible and difficult task, the realization of which require substantial financial resources, as well as human and technical resources. Limited material, staff and technical resources were the main factors that influenced many countries that were undergoing a period of transition to take over the stock exchange information systems of countries with developed market economies.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT METHODOLOGY :

Project management is mainly defined as being able to apply skills, knowledge and techniques in such a way as to finish all the necessary work and jobs that the project itself demands, or, in other words, that are vital to the successful completion of the project. Therefore the analysis was made of all previously existing project management methodologies. The conclusion drawn from this analysis was that the chosen methodology must always be clearly defined and applicable to most IT projects.

Contents of the article and the concepts:

I) Photos during the interaction, interviews and conducting surveys:

II) Charts and graphs on surveys we conduct - using google forms survey.

III) Video recording - (Interview with users)

IV) Online Research Links:

A number of brokerages and financial institutions provide online platforms for exchanging currency, .These platforms provide buy and sell prices, charts for trend analysis and economic reports to help with exchange decisions. Banks, hedge funds and traders use these types of platforms to speculate in currencies, trying to generate returns for their clients or themselves. Despite the risks associated with buying and selling currencies , it’s one of the best ways to exchange large sums of money.

        

    Online Searching portals:

1.)https://www.5paisa.com/online-trading

2.) https://ttweb.indiainfoline.com/trade/login.aspx

3.) https://trade.angelbroking.com/

4.) https://upstox.com/

5.) https://www.edelweiss.in/market

V) The customer journey map :

One of the advantages of the stock exchange is that is enjoys economies of scale because so much money passes through it. This helps to keep costs low, making it less expensive to buy and sell stocks.

A stock exchange can use millions of transactions to spread fixed costs of setting up and maintaining orderly and secure trading

Our customer journey map link

https://custellence.com/app/public/40207017

VI) User persona :

A user persona is a semi-fictional character based on your current or ideal customer. Personas can be created by talking to users and segmenting by various demographic and psychographic data to improve your product marketing.

VII) Empathy Map

An empathy map is a collaborative tool teams can use to gain a deeper insight into their customers. Much like a user persona, an empathy map can represent a group of users, such as a customer segment.

An Affinity Diagram is a tool that gathers large amounts of ideas, opinions, issues and organizes them into groupings based on their natural relationships. The Affinity process is often used to group ideas generated by Brainstorming.

Customer Journey Map:

Customer journey mapping also called user journey mapping is the process of creating a visual story of your customers' interactions with your brand. This exercise helps businesses step into their customer's shoes and see their business from the customer's perspective.

IX) Meeting with SDP2 Our Faculty Team (Recording)

(will be updated soon)

X) The Final List Of Users:

Most of the people these days tend to buy stocks online; it's much easier and quicker. Therefore, it's only natural that this activity is growing more interest and desire for people to try it themselves.

1)stock buyers

2)stock sellers

3) invested people(to keep a track on their stock prices)

4) working in stock markets

XI) User Stories For Each User:

Note: Permission has been taken from all the people shown in this article to upload it.

*********************************************

All the content present in this article is original work of SDP - 2 (Batch-485)

Reuse of the same content is strictly prohibited except for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research.

Author's written permission to be taken in prior to reuse the content.

*************************************************

Thank you!!!

No discussion on cricket is complete without talking about Mahendra Singh Dhoni. He is the pioneer of the helicopter shot. A blistering shot which mimics a helicopter and flies over the fielders for a six. When Dhoni first began playing for India, his hairstyle was as much a talking topic as his helicopter shot. His long hairstyle was praised by none other than former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf.

A young Dhoni was made captain of the Indian T20 team and he won the T20 World Cup 2007, on the very first edition itself. A few years later under the captaincy of M S Dhoni, India became the Number 1 Test Team in the World. His crowning moment came in the ODI World Cup 2011 played in the Indian subcontinent, where under his captaincy; India won the ODI World Cup. Dhoni promoted himself up the order and came in at Number 5, ahead of Yuvraj Singh who was in red hot form. Dhoni scored 91 not out from just 79 deliveries and finished the match hitting Sri Lankan fast bowler Nuwan Kulasekara for a huge 6…. Mission Accomplished….

M S Dhoni is known by many names. Captain Cool….Best Finisher in ODI’s….Why, even a movie was made on him called “The Untold Story” which was a superhit. In 2006, Dhoni was voted as the MTV Youth Icon. He won the ICC ODI Player of the year for two consecutive years in 2008 and 2009. He has also won the Padma Shri and Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna awards. He was honored with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel by the Indian Army. So what can you learn from Captain Cool…The greatest finisher in modern day cricket? These are some winning traits from this sporting giant which can help you become a great investor.

Want to know more on investment planning? Just leave a missed call on IndianMoney.com financial education helpline 02261816111 or just post a request on IndianMoney.com website. IndianMoney.com offers Free, Unbiased and on-call financial advice on Insurance, Mutual Funds, Real Estate, Loans, Bank Accounts and Capital markets.

 How many times has Dhoni pulled his team out of a crisis and helped India win matches? Countless times….Is it his batting skills alone that win India matches? No…

Dhoni is very calm and cool in a crisis. The scoreboard reads 20/3 or 30/4 and the target is over 300. No problem, Dhoni calmly accumulates singles till the target is very close. Then he blasts it away. Have you seen Dhoni succumb to pressure or make rash decisions?

The stock markets have crashed. All those blue chip stocks you had purchased paying a lot of money, are now dirt cheap. You are in a panic. You want to sell all these stocks. Should you sell all these good stocks and head for the exit? No…Just stay calm and cool and take control of your emotions. Tough times don’t last, tough people do. You have bought stocks with good fundamentals. Hold onto them. Just as the stock market goes down, it will also go up and all your stocks will be vibrant and shining again. You win the match.

 Dhoni was born in the small town of Ranchi in Jharkhand. Not in the powerhouses of cricket…Mumbai, Karnataka, Delhi, Tamil Nadu or Punjab. Ranchi was not even on the cricketing map.

The rise and rise of Dhoni shows that being born in a small town, is no hindrance to greatness. It’s all planning and effort.

Dhoni’s fearless batting and wicket keeping, shows that nothing is beyond reach. Dhoni redefined the batting wicket-keeper in India. Previously, India had wicket-keepers who could bat. Dhoni could jump into any cricket team in the World, either as a batsman or a wicket-keeper. This is pure effort and grit.

When it comes to investing in equity mutual funds, think SIP. Systematic Investment Plans popularly called SIP’s, are a great way to invest in equity mutual funds. You invest a certain fixed amount (small sums of money) regularly say once each month, in a specific mutual fund scheme. The small amounts you invest accumulate and grow. They enjoy the benefits of the power of compounding (whatever returns you get are reinvested and earn more returns). SIP teaches you how to start small and grow big.

 Dhoni wanted to play football, before he gave it all up for cricket. For Dhoni, learning was a continuous process. He picked up the finer aspects of cricket, honing his batting and wicket keeping skills.

Dhoni always learns no matter how high he grows. Dhoni never misses an opportunity to learn. Whether it’s batting tips from his coach, Dhoni always learns.

You must always learn about investments, before you invest your hard earned money. Learn about life insurance and health insurance or even car insurance plans, before availing them. Never invest in stocks or equity mutual funds, without doing your research. The same holds true whether you invest in PPF, FD or even NSC. Follow the simple rule, Learn before you earn.

 There are many people who help you on your road to greatness. Dhoni could never have reached such dizzying heights, without the help of first coach and mentor, Keshav Banerjee. Then the former Indian captain Sourav Ganguly spotted his talent and recommended him for a place in the Indian cricket team. The former cricketing all-round Ravi Shastri, had publicly acknowledged Dhoni as the future of Indian cricket.

Dhoni is a big cricketer today, only because he followed the advice of his coach. He didn’t say why the coach wants me to practice how to play bouncers? Why not play spinners instead?

When it comes to investing, always listen to your financial advisor. He will help you reach your financial goals and makes sure your needs are served.

Yes…The helicopter shot and the paddle sweep played by Dhoni are great to watch on TV. You can also learn how to invest from Captain Cool. Be Wise, Get Rich.

The large platform players like Google, Facebook (Messenger & Whats App), AWS, Microsoft, Baidu (yes...Baidu is as big a player, in this space, as Google) are building social applications and most are available for free.

These applications are used by all mobile enabled Indians for social interactions.These users generously exchange images and sound clips across the Globe, given the vast Indian diaspora. Telco's in India charge the lowest in the world,which is another reason, the usage continually is growing. Usage data of You Tube videos, WhatsApp images, browsing data and Messenger sound clips are used to continuously train the algorithms at Google, Facebook, AWS which are in turn sold as SaaS API for consumption into the rapidly developing field of AI. The large Social Media platforms are all AI Platform vendors. By using social media applications which store data outside India, we are, adding to the corpus of data for the training of the algorithms hosted on these platform players, which is priceless.

There are some barriers to entry to create an AI platform where products can be built and sold–

a.) At least 1 million users with interactions among them. (1 Million - 10 Lakh)

b.) Large data sets for training of Supervised machine learning algorithms

c.) Engineering & Analytics Talent to create virtuous cycle data pipelines

between Data and algorithms

d.) Investor community who would be willing to back individuals to create an

e.) A business model where application builders, advertisers and the platform for hosting player make revenue. This model has been well established at both Facebook and Baidu.

If Indian AI and Machine Learning needs are to be addressed, India needs a platform on which Consumer apps or Business apps specific to Indian needs would be built. China,realized the value of social media data and has encouraged WeChat, Baidu and equivalent platforms. Today, WeChat has about the same number of users as Whatsapp....and more features and localization relevant for Chinese. An individual can raise a loan application and get a student loan….all on the mobile phone. Given that India too has this opportunity to increase Internet penetration among rural India via the Mobile platform, it is important that localization happen fast.

Last but not the least, there are privacy issues in using social media applications hosted in servers outside of the country of maximum adoption. Its take a simple algorithm to match and identify all contacts via their mobile number and trace out connections, as all mobile numbers and contacts are stored in the application sever.

If the BHIM app is to be used for triggering Digital inclusion and enabling Mobile payments, most would feel a lot more secure if the Aadhar number, transaction details and contacts were all stored on servers local to the Geography or covered by privacy laws of the country of residence. BHIM can only be moreuseful if there is the equivalent of WhatsApp / WeChat to enable people to engage on an easy platform AND safely exchange PII (personnel) information which can help train algorithms for unique Indian requirements like:

a.) Near real time Regional language translation across all languages in India. This would lead to a multitude of use cases which serve local needs. for eg: A farmer in Karnataka can speak to his chat app on the mobile phone in Kannada, while the buyer in Nagpur can hear the output in Marathi. The technology for the above is already available from Google. The current social media / AI platforms may not allocate precious Machine Learning resources to train data sets for Kannada to Marathi to North Karnataka dialect to Punjabi to Assamese to Kashmiri. The multinational AI Platform addresses the needs of the Glocal Indian and not necessarily the local Indian. To avoid a situation of "have's" and "havenots",its important that adoption of the benefits of technology happen simultaneously at all levels of the economic totem pole. For this to happen, we would need local businesses built on local needs.

b.) Image recognition solutions unique to Indian Agriculture like identifying Cotton Boll Worm in Telangana or Maharastra will only happen if the images are stored and available in geographies local to the consumption, so that analytics talent in India can build applications to leverage this data. And the farmer in remote parts of UP or Madhaya Pradesh will adapt to a 'local' chat application with more enthusiasm than wait for a few years for his daughter or son to use it in English. We would remove knowledge of English as a barrier to adoption of the benefits of technology. Pl note that India with its "Demographic Dividend" has the minimum entry criteria of 1 million users in multiple tier 2 and tier 3 across India, while we have 4 -5 Mega cities with upto 10 million population in Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkatta, Chennai followed closely by Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune....and the list will only increase

Two options come to mind to solve the above:

Option 1: The large platform players get local to India and address the above needs of privacy and localization of geographical data in Machine Learning API.

Option2: The large IT Service companies come together to pool prize money / ecosystem to build a Chatapps. Telco's can subsidize initial adoption by returning 10 INR a month for 1 year (nothing sells like free) for users who adopt the Chatapp hosted on an Indian AI Platform. Government can legislate for financial transactions to happen via this Chat application and AI Platform.In 6 months, we will have a core base of at least 5 million users ......and a great ecosystem to foster innovation in Machine Learning, Analytics, Digital Apps, Financial Inclusion.....as part of Make In India.

A prize money of 100 Crores is about 20 Million USD…..we would have a lot of talent working on a prize money of 100 crores. More important, they would trigger the first chat app and AI platform designed, built for Indian Use cases and the API would get continuously more useful as they would be trained (Supervised Machine Learning), for contexts that are unique to Indian use cases.

The above may be more useful than hearing advice from Indian IT leaders on what the impact of automation will be on the Indian IT services industry. From the doomsday scenarios painted by these leaders in the media, one wonders if they really understand AI / automation and its impact. While job destruction because of AI is imminent, the role of leaders is to lead the followers through the transition.

From the above, it is a logical conclusion that Humans and AI can do a lot together, hence - AI is more about Augmented Intelligence. The best way to address the challenge of AI is to embrace the opportunities from AI, understand its potential and harvest the benefits, rather than bemoan the impact of AI.

In summary:

People + Trained Algorithms => Augmented Intelligence

The virtuous cycle is:

Loop continually: Better Data --> Fine Tune Algorithm --> Better Business Insight from applications.

Exit loop, when algorithm performance equal to human performance.

CEO at Info PAD Technologies

When Education Goes The Trump University way

To view or add a comment, sign in

Academic Specialist (Chemistry)-BYJU'S

Profits or losses are  a part every business in this world.
 BYJU'S is shining, rising & will rise more & more in upcoming time 🌟
everyone is pointing out the negative
but no-one is considering the positive outcome in less time period 🌸 moreover 👉 If you cannot praise anyone, then you should not do evil either. 
i guess this is not fair to judge any kind of business or any other profession 
I will always be cheering you & always no matter what. & i am super proud to be a part of BYJU'S undoubtedly.

 #world #business #outcome #rising 
Divya Gokulnath Sunitha Krishnan  Jyothi Kasinath  Manasa Hegde Vineet Singh Sanghamitra Bhargov  
Saurav Kumar  Roshan Rathore       Chetan Singh  C Sai Sashi Kiran  Vinay MR        Anita Kishore           Heena Muzaffar     KIRTIKA SINGLA  

87 followers

When Education Goes The Trump University way
        

Profits or losses are  a part every business in this world.
 BYJU'S is shining, rising & will rise more & more in upcoming time 🌟
everyone is pointing out the negative
but no-one is considering the positive outcome in less time period 🌸 moreover 👉 If you cannot praise anyone, then you should not do evil either. 
i guess this is not fair to judge any kind of business or any other profession 
I will always be cheering you & always no matter what. & i am super proud to be a part of BYJU'S undoubtedly.

 #world #business #outcome #rising 
Divya Gokulnath Sunitha Krishnan  Jyothi Kasinath  Manasa Hegde Vineet Singh Sanghamitra Bhargov  
Saurav Kumar  Roshan Rathore       Chetan Singh  C Sai Sashi Kiran  Vinay MR        Anita Kishore           Heena Muzaffar     KIRTIKA SINGLA  
        

Tutorate is a market leader in the segment of Financial Market Education. At Tutorate, we deliver cutting edge training to people willing to make a career in financial markets. Our programs are not ordinary “Run of the Mill” programs. Our programs bring extensive focus on “Next Generation Technologies” which give you an edge in ever competitive employment opportunities.

Advertising Services

New Delhi, Delhi

E-Learning Providers

Mental Health Care

Education Administration Programs

Gurgaon, Haryana

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

William O'Neil + Company, Incorporated is an independent advisory firm that helps the world's leading institutional investment managers increase portfolio performance by providing timely—and time-saving—global buy and sell recommendations, customized independent research, and market advice.  We also produce thoughtful research covering global investing themes as well as the most compelling equities of the moment, analyzed using our O’Neil Methodology, a blended method of stock analysis that we have perfected over more than 50 years. Our premier equity research platform PANARAY® provides access to our research and uses innovative visual displays of complex market information, placing us at the forefront of using technology to deliver our high-touch services. Founded in 1963, William O'Neil + Co. is headquartered in Los Angeles with offices in New York, Boston, Chicago, San Francisco, and London.  

Financial Services

Bangalore, Karnataka

Boston, MA

Los Angeles, California


Investors bracing for more volatility in US stock market
#earnings #NewYork #NewsKarnataka #Stockmarket #WallStreet

LIC ಪಾಲಿಸಿ ಜೊತೆ ಪಾನ್ ಕಾರ್ಡ್ ಲಿಂಕ್ ಮಾಡುವುದು ಹೇಗೆ ?

#EarningsWithMC | #KarnatakaBank reported 12.3% fall in its Q3 net profit at Rs 123.1 cr, while its gross non-performing assets rose to 4.99% from 4.78% the previous quarter

AD| Join our stock market seminar, Become the master in stock market...
-Batch starts from 31-01-2022.
- Limited seats available. Join Our Courses, Learn & Earn|
Technical Analysis,
Future & Options.
Learn How To Trade For A Living...
Contact for details contact CEO- @adnan_basharath
@blue_trades
For registration can Call or WhatsApp +91 9700130882

It was a great honor to invite our honorable chief guest Ms Shubha Poonja ( Model & Actress ) for the grand inauguration of The Souq (Market) Art, crafts, handlooms and lifestyle Exhibition happening at Karnataka Chitrakala Parishath, Kumara Krupa Road, Near Shivananda Circle, Bengaluru - 01.
👉Date : 16th Sept 2022 to 25th Sept 2022 ( 10days)
👉Timings : 11 am - 7 pm
👉Venue: Karnataka Chitrakala Parishath, Kumara Krupa Road, Bengaluru - 01....
See more

Noticing that his desire and dream was to take Karnataka to the first place in the development map of the country, Yediyurappa said all his cabinet collogues were collectively working towards achieving the goal.
http://ifttt.com/images/no_image_card.png
Economic Times

23rd June Bengaluru witnessed ASTA sprinkling wisdom to explore the bounty of the financial markets. The wise and skilled trainer Mr. Mukesh Sharma leaves the participants totally mesmerised...
Be a part of this skilful training by joining the upcoming GEO seminar at Bengaluru commencing on 13th July ..

Indian shares rose for a third straight session on Tuesday, led by gains in financial and information technology sectors, while Tata Group stocks climbed after a report. Read More:
http://www.businessworld.in/…/Sensex-Nif…/29-09-2020-325911/
The Wall Street Journal National Stock Exchange Bombay Stock Exchange Annurag Batra Bloomberg
#Startupcompany #Cricket #RajasthanRoyals #Medicaldevice #Forecasting #Medicine #EEPROM #Integratedcircuit #MicrochipTechnology #Analysis #Automotiveindustry #Forecasting #Marketshare #Employment #Google #SundarPichai #Telecommuting #Analysis #Pharmaceuticalindustry #Drugdelivery #Industry #Pentaerythritol #Marketsegmentation #Automation #Industry #Siemens

Karnataka on Saturday reported 4,373 new cases of COVID-19, taking the total number of cases to 10,10,602. Of these, 3,002 cases were from Bengaluru Urban alone. With 19 deaths, the toll rose to 12,610. This is apart from 19 deaths of patients due to non-COVID-19 reasons. As many as 1,959 persons were discharged on the day, taking the total recoveries to 9,61,359....
https://divya-bharat.com/karnataka-reports-4373-new-covid-…/

Hitesh Sheth (Vice President -- Technical Research, #PrabhudasLilladher) shares his technical views on Stocks with CNBC BAJAR

City Index is the leading Stock market institute in the Karnataka ,we trained more than 800+ clients across the India ( online+offline)
Benefits of attending our workshop/Webinar
✓Right education to invest in stock market
✓An inside view of intraday trading
✓ Experience the potential growth of trading in stock market
✓ Learn highly profitable Stock Market strategies
✓Free demat account opening
✓ Classes for NISM Certifications
#stocktrading #stockmarketinvesting #investment #Nifty


#BREAKING | Jan Ki Baat's exit poll predicts that the BJP will emerge as the single largest party in the Karnataka Elections 2018. Full numbers here!

Hanuman chalisa yantra Complaint – Fraud company http://wp.me/p40OgJ-taE

Stock Market News, 7th December 2020.
You can now visit web.stockedge.com for daily updates and news Or Download the Stockedge App 👉📱, available on Google Play Store and Apple App Store.

DHFL Case: Auditor flags fraudulent transactions.

I'm limited by the technology of time! #StockMarketMemes #IIFLSecurities

Is BJP missing Mani in Karnataka?
Mail Today cartoon

The crackdown on corruption is in full swing!

Stock Market : बड़ी बढ़त के साथ खुला शेयर बाजार, 48 हजार 400 के पार सेंसेक्स

Mysuru, get ready to shop 🎈💃🏻 We are now open at Forum Centre City between 10 AM and 10 PM. We have an exciting inaugural offer for you - Shop for Rs. 3,500 and above get a Gift Card worth Rs.500 free. See you at the store! #HMlovesMYSURU

Switch to BigVentures connection and enjoy uninterrupted cricket live streaming. Support team India in this Asia cup with our network
#indiavspakistan #indvspak #bigventures #fastspeedwifi #wifi #hardikpandya #teamindia

"My best memory will be scoring my first brace for Karnataka during the 2015 Senior Nationals - Trichy" Shares a Football enthusiast Lilly Mary Thomas
It was my first time playing for the state and I was suffering from a hamstring pull on my right leg which hampered my performance gravely. Though injured I played with grit and scored two goals. When I scored my first goal I was so overwhelmed, I nearly took off my jersey. We won against Andhra Pradesh 3-0 and I was featured in the local newspaper.
On 26th June 2017, I got the opportunity to play with Sunil Chettri and ex BFC players. I love to embarrass the guys and unfortunately Shankar Sampingiraj bore the brunt of it, he got nutmegged !! Chettri passed comments like “Good shots”, “smart girl” and “thank you for giving us something to make fun of Shankar”. That day made me feel content.
Back in school, Football was the only sport I hadn’t tried because it was only for boys and they said it’s a dangerous game for the girls. But I was drawn to the game like a moth is drawn toward a flame. I literally begged the boys to join me in, but they wouldn’t let me play. As no one wanted to be a goalkeeper, I asked if I could goal keep. So, I picked up the game from there and played all the positions. Being self-taught and long hours of training churned me into a grit player and I got chosen to be a part of the school team.
My best childhood memory is playing football in the rain. It would be pouring cats and dogs, the mud ground we played on would get slippery so we would play barefoot. At the end of the game, we’d chase each other and throw mud around. We’d be covered in mud from head to toe and it made it difficult to get recognized. Those are the days I crave endlessly.
I attain freedom every time I play this beautiful game. There is no room for judgment, it’s a medium through which I can get out my emotions. This sport churned me into a sturdy individual who is fearless to face incalculable challenges that life beholds.
Football molded me into this dynamic individual I am today. I want every child to know that despite your background, creed, gender, caste we all are one and nothing should hamper your success. Take risks it will show you your self and don’t fret about the past because the future will define you.
Football is not merely a sport, it’s a teacher or guide in disguise. Playing this sport reveals to you the essence of living life with intention and sacrifice. It pushes us beyond boundaries to take risks and fight for what we believe in.
I would love to play until my last walking day. I’ll probably miss the whole team vibe and spirit the most since there is no game without a team.
Thank you for sharing your story with us and we wish you good luck with your future endeavors.
#kipsta #womenempowerment #girlpower #footballer #footballtraining #footballskills #footballlovers #football #reallifestory #footballboots #lovefootball #premierleague #championsleague #footballplayer #footballlove #footballgames #letsfootball #footballforlife #footballfan #footballfever #Sports #india #decathlon #decathlonsportsindia

Today, Infosys has a revenue of 93,594 crore
#MarketingMind

New Complaint: Dr.Chandrashekhar Guruji Saral Vastu Hubli division Complaint - Cheating and Unfair Trade practise
Subject: Cheating and Unfair Trade practise My Name: UMESH PHADKE My City: Mallapur Kaiga Township My State: Karnataka My Complaint Against: Dr.Chandrashekhar Guruji Saral Vastu Hubli division Complaint Category: Others Claim Amount (Approx.): 25000 My Complaint Description: The... -Read Full Complaint: http://www.grahaksuraksha.com/dr-chandrashekhar-guruji-sar…/ #complaints #indianconsumer #consumercomplaints #india #indiacomplaints #consumeraffair #grahaksuraksha
Submit Your Complaints Against Any Company at Grahak Suraksha: Grahak Suraksha
Be social. Like & Share this complaint with others.

Our new office address:
smmart Training & consultancy services Pvt. Ltd.
Vinmar House, Plot A/41, 1st Floor, Road No. 2, Chakala M I D C, Opp. Marol Bus Depot, Andheri (E), Mumbai - 400 093.
Tel.: +91 22 6772 9000 Fax : +91 22 6772 9008
Email: smmart@smmart.co.in
Website: www.smmart.co.in

Pretty excited to share that we're the #1SmartphoneBrand in Maharashtra as per CMR India Q4 2017 report. Thank you, Mi fans!

Our farmers are the bedrock of India's economy. We are proud to have partnered with them during the lockdown in getting their produce to markets. Our partnership continues to grow. #AtmanirbharBharat #GoLocal #ServingBharatNonStop #udaanForBharat

unlike traditional companies, the basic structure of DAO is not based on any form of hierarchical management.A DAO has no centralised ruling power.
So why are they the future? well unlike traditional companies, ownership is permissionless and the information you see is completely public and not private.

What a lack of ideology can do to you. Can easily be a traitor to what you stood for, in the matter of a week. Now, we will soon see him spreading the same politics of hate against which he used to speak.
Well, sanghism runs in the scindia family.

Heart surgeons! #LoveJihadLaw

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Welcome to #stockmarket

 #Nykaa net profit at Rs 1.2 crore for last quarter. #Market cap Nykaa is 1.1 lacs Cr

#TATA steel net profit at Rs 12,500 crore for last quarter. #Market cap Tata steel is 1.5 lac cr

 #shareholders #share #marketplace #gambling #sharemarket #sharemarketindia #sharemarketnews #sharemarkettraining #shareholdervalue #sharetheknowledge
        

To view or add a comment, sign in

We are Hiring!! 

Job Location: - Kaushambi NCR Delhi

Requirement: Semi qualified #CA/ #qualified  CA with below competency:

1. #GST Working & filing 
2. Good Understanding of Direct & Indirect #Taxation 
3. #TDS Working & filing
4. Bookkeeping working 
5. Payroll Working
6. Balance Sheet Working
7. Good Communication, writing & soft Skills
8. Good at excel
9. Good at Managing multiple clients
10. Open to study specific subject matter case to case basis

Immediate joinee will be preferred.

Drop Resume in inbox: - casharma.sharad2000@gmail.com
        

*Urgent Hiring*
Hiring for qualified Chartered Accountant 

1) Experience: 0-1year

2) Number of Vacancy : 1

3) Job Type : Full Time

4) Salary : 25k- 40k

5) Location : Kaushambi, Delhi NCR 

Interested candidates can send there resume on 
WhatsApp no - 9718242785 (Shivangi Gupta)
Mail id - shivangigupta.ksvg@gmail.com

#cajobs #jobsearch #accountsjobs #charteredaccountant
        

Supreme Court upholds validity of PMLA; passage of amendments as money bill to be decided by larger bench.

*Gist of SC Judgment*
1) SC upheld ED powers of inquiry, arrest, and attachment of property. The bench upholds the validity of various provisions of the PMLA and says that stringent conditions for bail under the Act are legal and not arbitrary.
2) ED, SFIO, DRI officials not "police" -- statements recorded during the inquiry are valid evidence, the bench says.
3) However, the apex court held that the question of enactment of amendments in 2019 to the PMLA Act as money bill has to be decided by a larger bench of seven judges before whom the same question is already pending.
4) SC also says that it is not mandatory for ED officers to disclose the ground of arrest at the time of detaining an accused in a money laundering case.
5)The top court upholds strict bail provisions under the PMLA.
6) The bench says it is not necessary to give an ECIR copy to the accused

 #legal #property #money #police #supremecourt
        

आप सभी सोशल मीडिया परिवार के लोगो को गुरु पूर्णिमा की हार्दिक बधाई एवं शुभकामनाएं।

Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh 
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)
        

Corporate lessons from political happenings in Maharashtra

1. Top Boss must be accessible to ALL: MLAs rebelled due to inaccessible CM. 

2. Wrong business Alliances can break your company: SS entered into an alliance which was against the political ideology. Cultural integration became an issue, ultimately failed. 

3. If unemployed, be ready to accept one level down position: Devendra Fadanvis assumed the post of Deputy CM after serving as the CM in his last stint. 

4. Experience is superior to the inheritance: 2/3 of the MLAs supported Mr. Shinde who is a home grown talent of the party over the political heirs of Late Shri Balasaheb Thackeray. 

5. Do not neglect your middle management: a neglected middle manager can be the future CEO of another company..

6. When the other party needs an alliance: negotiate hard- NCP and INC grabbed meaty portfolios in previous govt. They were aware about the shorter life span of the alliance. 

And the last one: CEO can't be on WFH 


 #business #management #talent #wfh #leadership #experience #learning #marketing #motivation #india #future #ceo 

Copied
        

IL&FS FRAUD: India's audit watchdog National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) finds lapses in EY's audit, says the audit firm's appointment was illegal, and the auditor compromised the independence. #SRBC 

#Source: NFRA's Audit Quality Report of the Statutory Audit for FY18 for IL&FS. The 384-page long report has many findings for EY! 

#Auditlatest #Auditors #NFRA #Audit #ILFS #auditorindependence 

https://lnkd.in/d9NBzah3
        

Today a courtesy meeting was made with the personality-rich Honorable Purushottam Rupala ji, Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairy, Government of India and his consent was obtained for the upcoming program.

 #india
        

Vacancy at RK Bhalla & Co, Chartered Accountants

CA with 0-2 years experience/Semi-qualified with 5 years experience/
Ca articles

Work Exposure -Internal Audits, Statutory Audits, Tax Audits, Bank Audits, GST Consultancy

Location - West Punjabi Bagh, Delhi

Interested candidates, please contact:
CA Suraj Bhalla
Email - casurajbhalla1@gmail.com
Mobile - 9811968321

CA Suraj Bhalla
        

CGST Gurugram issued a “bizarre” summons dated 17.05.2022 (see pic) later arrest CAs – Strange, (i) generated at 2022-05-17 20:22:15.0, call to be present at 8.30p.m. same day (within 8 minutes). Can the officer respond to how it is served? (ii) Strange Summon issued to “Firm” to be present. (iii) Strange - Mentioned produced document and things following description – but nothing mentioned. (iv) Strange – mentioned making inquiry under CGST – under which provisions – officer does not know. (vi) Strange – summons issued by officer mentioned many designations – he does not know his right designation. (v) Strange – mentioned making inquiry – nothing mentioned against whom & in which respect – then how a person to respond. (vi) Strange section 70 CGST state provisions of CPC, 1908 applies- but officer does not care. (vii) Strange – summons can be issued by “the proper officer”, not by any or every officer, but here it is not issued by proper officer. Summons become a tool to harass professionals and taxpayers. Expose Corrupt.

https://lnkd.in/d7a5kPHK
        

BEAUTIFUL STORY 🥰❤️❤️

My wife was sleeping next to me... and all of a sudden I got a Facebook notification, a woman asked me to add her. So I added her. I accepted the friend request and sent a message asking, "Do we know each other?"
She replied: "I heard you got married but I still love you."

She was a friend from the past. She looked very beautiful in the picture. I closed the chat and looked at my wife, she was sleeping soundly after her exhausting day of work. 
Looking at her, I was thinking about how she feels so safe that she can sleep so comfortably in a completely new home with me.

She is far from her parents' house, where she spent 24 hours surrounded by her family. When she was upset or sad, her mother was there so she could cry in her lap. Her sister or brother would tell jokes and make her laugh. Her father would come home and bring her everything she liked and still, she placeed so much trust in me.
All these thoughts came to mind, so I picked up the phone and pressed "BLOCK".
I turned to her and slept next to her. 

I am a man, not a child. I have sworn to be faithful to her and so it will be. I will fight forever to be a man who doesn't cheat on his wife and tear a family apart....

Credits : Posted by a lot of connections, I loved the story so , I couldn’t resist 🙈

#trust #love #house #trustworthy #trustworthiness #delhi ##delhincr #sleep #partnersforlife #partner
        

27,414 followers

Professional with a strong background in communication, passionate about problem-solving and building meaningful relationships.

I represent HyperVerge, a profitable AI product-based platform that automates digital onboarding and keeps fraudsters out of the system once and for all. Our Identity Verification platform has catered to over 600 million customers and is used by the leading organizations in the Financial Space. I specialized in Fraud Prevention and Mitigation and helped bridge the gap between the old and new ways of combating Fraud and improving Customer Experience.

At this juncture, we are in the early stages of creating a new product Contract Lifecycle Management domain which leverages our expertise in AI and NLP and are actively talking to leaders in this space. I strive to establish a relationship of trust with my prospects and clients along with a clear understanding of the value we can deliver together.

In my spare time, I engross myself in art, sports, and good food.

New Products Head, HyperVerge,Inc

Business Head - India at HyperVerge Inc.

AI Engineer at HyperVerge | Research Intern at IIT Roorkee ( SPARK 2021) | SRM 2022

Building HyperVerge Academy

Hyperverge Inc. | IIT Madras

Solutions Architect at HyperVerge | Ex - Alstom | Gold Medalist, VIT University

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

NSKT Global is a Global consulting firm with a team of certified public accountants, certified fraud examiners (CFE), certified sarbanes-oxley experts (CSOE),  Business Advisers, Internal Auditors, Data Scientist and IT experts. We extend all kinds of help to our clients and assist them at all possible junctures of their business. We love to work collaboratively with like-minded people who challenge the process and make a difference. 

NSKT Global  possesses experience of over 10 years in the industry serving several SMEs as well as established businesses in the Middle East, North America, South America, Asia Pacific and Europe markets. The graph of our growth in the industry is because of our exceptional services provided to clients by our people who are among the best in the industry. 

We always understand that every existing business is different from one another, thus our approach is quite flexible and tailored as per the client’s needs. The professional services which we provide on time are always complemented by a quality-oriented attitude with a customer-centric approach. We keep on investing time in enhancing our skills and put a lot of effort into redefining our processes, enhancing our technological structure, upgrading our delivery network, and equipping ourselves with the latest industry education and applications to make the process more easy and quick.

Business Consulting and Services

Downtown, Dubai

Financial Services

Delhi, Delhi

Non-profit Organizations

New Delhi, Delhi

Advertising Services

Sources: Economic Times, Financial Express & Live Mint

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

This job is no longer available, but here are similar jobs you might like.

An MBA in Finance and HR, Alorika is currently working at Anthem as an Associate - Member Experience based out of Denver, CO. She has 2+ years of prior experience in India as a Global Service Executive at HSBC and Equity Advisor at Karvy Stock Broking Limited.

Visit the Career Advice Hub to see tips on accelerating your career.

Student at University of Calcutta

1 other named Alorika Dutta is on LinkedIn

Already on LinkedIn? Sign in

Looking to create a page for a business? Get help

this Article shared in 2015. Indian Liberalisation is root cause for banks scams . MFIA entering , crony Capitalists , CHURCH , ISLAM , ( MADRASSAS ) HINDU . JAIN , SIIKH . RADHE SWAMY , DEARA BABA , SWAROOPA NANDA . MUTTS etc cheating looting terror acts division of people for power.

INFRASTRUCTURE BUILDING FAILURE. NATIONAL HIGH WAY CONTRACTORS SCAM . JALAYAGANAM SCAM , REAL ESTATE SCAMS ALL OVER INDIA.

INFOSYS WASTE - GST ROLE OUT FAILURE , BIGGEST SCAM - AADHAAR CARD. PEOPLE DON'T KNOW DATA INDIVIDUAL SECURITY COLLECTED DATA AND SAME WAS SOLD TO ALL SERVICES BIZ.

2008 real state scam global mortgage scam , banks scams is same as know started in 2014 .

FACTION PIGS OF SOUTH INDIA ( REDDY + KAMMA+ KAPU et c) caste reservation riots. MUM BI , HYDERABAD terrorist attacks. TERROR MAFIA CAMPS IN TELANGANA , UP , BIHAR , KARNATAKA , TAMIL NADU , JARKHAND etc ( NAXALS , LTTE , ISIS . ISI ( ARMED FORCES SPIES) in all states.

CHAIN SCAMS . REAL ESTATE SCAMS , CO- opertive bank scams , GOLD , DIAMONDS smuggling , HAWALA through NEPAL , AFRICA , SRI LANKA, BANGLADESH , DUBIA terror , RAK -SCAM ( NIMMAGADDA PRASAD )

IRON ORE , OIL , ARMS , COAL Scams. BPCL SALE SCAM , LIC SCAM , BANKS MERGER SCAM from last 30 yrs . TELECOM SCAM.

PUBLIC SECTORS KILLING LOOTING FOR REAL ESTATE - NALCO , BALCO , IDPL , PUBLIC SECTOR BANKS , HMT , INDIAN ARMED FORCES . TEMPLE LANDS LOOTING , TRUSTS LOOTING , FORMER RAJAS lands looting , FREEDOM FIGHTERS LANDS LOOTING ,

SOLDERS LANDS LOOTING NO PENSION FOR REAL PATRIOTS.

CASTE IS IMPORTANT NOT NATION.

FORESTS LOOTING , LAKES LOOTING in CITIES FOR REAL ESTATE .

BROTHEL SUPPLIERS , BROKERS , BENAMI mafia - horticulture board member 302 CHODARAJU STAYA KRISHNA RAJU is close to FINANCE MINISTER NIRMALASEETHA RAMAN 302 IAS - KSJOWHAR REDDY IPS y, NAGI REDDY ( NAYYAM GANGS , PAK ISI Iinks ) HYDERABAD LAND MAFIA with MIM gangs , GALLI JANARDANA REDDY MAFIA .

SO MANY Andhra pradesh , TELAGNAGA , KARNATAKA , TAMIL NADU , UP , BIHAR , ORISSA , BENGAL , NEW DELHI , HARYANA , MAHARASTRA . GUJRAT . MADYAPRDEDH , CHETTISGARH . , KERALA ( DUBAI MONEY - GULF MONEY HARYANA , NEPAL , JARKAHND , KASHMIR , ASSAM etc mafai gang . other state people citizens searching for jobs lively hood etc

ALL MAJOR INDIAN CITIES are controlled by land mafia killers CRONY CAPTALISTS , MAFIA GANGS killers crooks rouges

MEARA BHARAT SCAM MAHAN. ANTI NATION ANTI HUMANS , CITIZENS , ANTI ECO GANGS . LASTLY AADHAR CARD , GST , BANK SCAM CROOKS CRIMINALS ..

ANTI NAA , CAA , NRC etc ANTI VOICE LIBERTY ANTI REPUBLIC ANTI JUSTICE ANTI TRUTH ANTI LIVELY HOOD .

THIS IS EVERY WHERE . ALL COUNTRIES CROOKS DICTATORS BARBARIANS HATE people acts.

CORRUPTION EVERY WHERE - buy any one from burial ground , Street police to parliament to Legislative assembly , village panchayts , City muncipalities. town muncipalties , WARD MEMBERS etc

Human parts sale , NHAI deaths , land mafia acts jumping parties for power . MLA FOR 50 CRS MP FOR 150 crs to 200 crs , IAS , IPS , IRS post for 200 crs make wealth of 1000 to 4000 crs (SRI LAKSHMI IAS , RAJAGOPAL etc ) MINING MAFIA .

USE MOVE ACTORS TV ACTORS , SPORTs people to tell lies to get votes.

LAWYERS JUDGES bribes MAKING LAW JUSTICE TRUTH kill , RAPED Every Minute. ( NIRBAYA case ) ,

CBI ARRESTED GANGS MAFIA as CMS , MALS , MPS etc

OTHER RELIGION people in TRIUPTI - TTD ( RICHIST GODs looted every minute second ) .

IN THE NAME OF GOD CASTE RELIGION RACE LOOT ANY ONE KILL ANY INSTITUTES.

BANKS DEATH BANKS ECONOMY RAPISTS KILLER, ECONOMY GENOCIDE.

UNITED KINGDOM , SWISS BANKS other nations as safe havens.

CII , BANKS , STATE TRADE Bodies , RELIGOUS CASTE BOARDS are safe haven for 420 , 302 with help of police revenue justice departments and 12 crony steps of police departments and all government departments .

Riserve bank of India - ROUGES SAVING BANK OF INDIA.

RIP - CITIZENS , HONEST , HARD EARNING PEOPLE LIFE.

10 billion dollars looted illegally to enimies of nation every year,.

1000 billion dollars looted last 10 yrs.

INDIA INNOVATION - CORRUPTION SCAMS , giving birth to IDIOTS ROUGES CRIMINALS CHEATS SCAM PEOPLE .

30 crores population after independence . now 130 crores.

90 crore people no proper food health education bath rooms shelter security etc

MONEY RECALL TO LOOT MONEY TO FUND SAVE SCAM PEOPLE CRIMINALS CRICKET BETTING WITH PAKISTAN ISI INDIAN ISI NAXALS PAID KILLERS .

RIOTS KILLING LOOTING EVERY WHERE .

3000 yrs history - INVADERS BARBARIANS , 420 302 CRONY RULE WORLD.

SLAVES OF " NEW INDIA " .

IMPORT EVERY THING USE OTHER NATIONS TECHNOLGY , BULK DRUGS , ARMED FORCES EQUIPMENT , EVEN INDIAN MONEY PRINTED BY OTHER NATIONS TECH.

Outsourcing and Offshoring Consulting

Mumbai, Maharashtra

IT Services and IT Consulting

Austin, TX

New York, NY

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra

Dig into what�s trending on LinkedIn. Learn something new, follow a topic of interest, find inspiration and join the conversation.

You’ve been working for a few years, but lately you seem drawn to…

Becoming an insurance agent can open many doors for developing…

An interior design career allows creative people who love…

When considering a visit to a psychologist versus a psychiatrist,…

You have decided to leave your job. Should you go ahead and send…

It is not uncommon to see workers as young as 14 in the…

Millions of jobs are open, and no one is filling them. Many are…

You’ve just applied to your dream company, and LinkedIn informs…

What would it be like to work four days a week instead of five?…

Despite laws like the Americans with Disabilities Act, workplace…

Open office environments have layouts without cubicles and…

Job descriptions and ads can provide an applicant with a first…

Working on your career development is essential as you progress…

No matter where you’re moving to, whether it is a break in your…

In a world more catered to extroverts, introverts can fall behind…

Though we learn social skills as children, we can always…

Are you considering pursuing an MBA? Before you go too far in the…

It’s Monday: Eight more hours — and four more days until the week…

It’s cap and gown season. With diplomas and higher education…

Having a doctoral degree is a major accomplishment, but do you…

Managers must learn to adapt as hybrid workplaces become more…

No one wants to believe they have biases, but we all do, even if…

It’s the time of year to rank your satisfaction at work through a…

Countless companies use employee satisfaction surveys to gauge…

You’re updating your resume and recall a period of time you were…

Creating content on social media can be a great way to build a…

It takes a strategy to elevate your social media following to the…

Developing a five-year plan for your career may seem like an…

Remote work can be isolating and prevent workers from having a…

Self-efficacy is important to develop and build. No one can reach…

Learning a language is hard and deserves to be properly…

Career management is a necessity if you want a long and…

Social media influencers appear to have it all, from fame and…

We spend 40 out of 168 hours of the week at work. So are layoffs…

Each business owner needs to start somewhere. Funds are necessary…

The decision behind making a career pivot varies for each person,…

Our careers can be tied to our identities so much that a career…

Employee training opportunities provide workers with the…

Filing taxes as a small business owner can be daunting due to the…

Promotions aren’t just handed out. Landing one takes effort and a…

The title “entrepreneur” might seem glamorous, but it can be an…

Recessions are trying times for everyone. It can be hard to focus…

Gender discrimination is still a major problem in the U.S.

Becoming a college professor requires the desire to continue…

Have you ever made a New Year’s Resolution, only to give up by…

Career transitions can be scary, but having a strong cover letter…

Editor's note: The data below hasn't been vetted by LinkedIn and…

When examining the EMT versus paramedic professions, it is clear…

The day will come when you need to decline a job offer. Whatever…

Employee wellness programs foster physical and mental health…

Social entrepreneurship has been around for years as more and…

Thinking about applying for a job abroad? Or maybe you want to…

A communications degree suggests to employers that you’re an…

A statement of operations is a financial statement that indicates…

Ready to take the next step in your IT career? It takes a…

Employee benefits are an essential component potential employees…

A vision statement is a framework for your company's future. They…

Constructive criticism may seem like a simple strategy for…

President Bill Clinton signed the Health Insurance Portability…

You may know a family member or friend who sells multi-level…

Prices have been climbing this year, and many are trying to…

People use interpersonal skills when interacting with others in a…

The metaverse might seem like science fiction, but it is coming…

Companies use a variety of means to measure profitability or…

Unemployment benefits and compensation are a wonderful resource…

Networking often takes place digitally. But business cards remain…

In April 2020, the U.S.

Succession planning is how organizations redistribute…

Critical thinking is the act of thinking based on reason rather…

Change management is the institutionalization of either large- or…

Small businesses can leverage social media marketing to help grow…

While it might seem convenient to start a business out of your…

Business intelligence helps companies run smoother, analyze…

Year-over-year (YOY) data is a powerful tool to gauge a company’s…

An asset is something a business owns that provides current or…

You may be familiar with the acronym “DEI," which stands for…

Small businesses are important to communities of all sizes. They…

As we continually see the term “recession” in the news, it’s hard…

Knowing when, where and how to send a thank-you email or note…

A limited liability company separates the owners (referred to as…

Layoffs and hiring freezes increased in recent months as the…

Student loans can leave people with an overwhelming amount of…

Shadow IT is any software or hardware used by employees that have…

Ongoing economic uncertainty is causing whispers of a possible…

Per diem payments allow organizations to reimburse their…

Speculation about another recession is growing. But is it coming?…

Emotional intelligence pertains to your emotional self-awareness,…

Today’s consumers spend significant time online, and successful…

Business acquisitions mean change is coming … for everyone…

A bear market has the potential of signaling a recession and can…

Whether we are in a bull market or bear market can have numerous…

Layoffs, rising interest rates and other economic turmoil are in…

Blockchain is changing the way that many industries operate and…

Digital nomad visas allow people to travel the world and stay in…

A mission statement acknowledges why your company exists, and…

Big tech companies dominate our web browsers, phones and other…

While scrolling through job listings, you see several contract…

From TikTok to LinkedIn, Instagram, Facebook and beyond, you’ve…

The term “board of directors” is often used without a clear…

Digital nomadism is an increasingly popular workplace trend…

Many companies have started to implement Summer Fridays for their…

Applicant tracking systems (ATS) are databases that hold…

Whether you are a digital nomad pro or venturing into remote work…

Student loans plague many people, but they don’t have to be the…

Hiring managers sometimes ask job candidates to produce a…

Lately, you’ve been stuck behind a desk, but today you glanced at…

Information technology and roles within the field support entire…

Leverage is borrowing funds from a third party against a…

While you may have the hard or technical skills needed for a…

Generally, there are policies and procedures to protect us at our…

Investing during a recession can seem difficult, but a strong…

As you prepare for a management-level position, now is the time…

After a layoff, emotions run high. But despite the urge to…

As we face a “new normal” around the globe, the way we work is…

Retained earnings reveal a lot of information about a business…

Passing out business cards used to be a major tool for…

Two LinkedIn influencers share their personal experiences with…

Creating a cryptocurrency coin or token is a long process that…

Certifications can be just as important as degrees in some…

A furlough is stressful but is possible to survive with little to…

Understanding the difference between a furlough and a layoff is…

Our desire to belong is innate and valid. A greater sense of…

Many jobs are under the operations and supply chain management…

Attrition occurs when employees leave a company and their jobs…

By - Jaskeerat Singh

DAY - 6: CASE STUDY ON VIJAY MALLYA

Today we shall take a look at the life of the Infamous Fraud King of 'Good Times', his business ventures, his success and his downfall.

Early Life:

Vijay Mallya was born on 18th December 1955. He is the son of Vittal Mallya, chairman of the United Breweries Group and Lalitha Ramaiah. He completed his schooling from La Martinere Calcutta and graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce degree (with honours) from St. Xavier's College, Kolkata.

Career Ventures and rise to fame:

The fall of the King of Good Times:

That's all on the Infamous King of Good Times for today.

Will be posting more content on such topics.

Till then STAY UPDATED & STAY SAFE.

Thank You

Jaskeerat Singh

PR TEAM, E-CELL AUR

It doesn’t take a detective to uncover fraud. It’s Fraud Awareness Week— Check out our guide for tips on keeping data private and secure.
        

For college students around the country, campus is calling. Before you hit the books, check out Morgan Stanley’s cybersecurity best practices.
        

Investors seem to breathe a sigh of relief as more than 70% of the S&P 500 has reported 2Q earnings. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

Family wealth can evoke strong emotions, both positive and negative. Before your next family wealth-planning conversation, consider your own attitudes and feelings on the topic. These questions may help.
        

With inflation far from defeated and the bear market not yet over, now is the time for patience and building dry powder. Find out more in our latest On the Markets. https://mgstn.ly/3zojvJu
        

Stocks rally into the weekend as the S&P 500 records largest weekly return since June. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

The S&P 500 rallies for second straight session as markets digest yesterday's FOMC meeting and various Q2 earnings releases. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

US equities improve as the Fed announces a second consecutive 75 basis point interest rate hike. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

The S&P 500 closes lower on Tuesday ahead of tomorrow's FOMC rate decision. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

In the ever-changing cyber landscape, new technology emerges and with it many unknowns. Once futuristic-sounding terms such as Metaverse, Cloud, Crypto and NFTs are now commonplace, but for many, they remain a mystery. Join us for a webinar on Tuesday, August 9, with Morgan Stanley cybersecurity expert Prashanth Challa and award-winning correspondent Jessica Yellin. They’ll break down how these intangible buzzwords impact you and the protection of your data and assets. https://mgstn.ly/3yIbzCg
        

When market volatility picks up, having a long-term horizon is an investor’s best strategy.
        

1,481 followers

Till very recently, Yes Bank was the darling of Indian stock markets. At its peak in 2017 it was valued at $13.4bn, making its co-founder and CEO, Rana Kapoor, a billionaire. Even then there were signs that all was not well. As far back as 2013 concerns were raised by a small group of skeptics at the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) that Yes Bank had grown at an extraordinary pace and had reported a very small number of bad loans, even though it lent to some of India’s most distressed companies. Then in 2015, the first doubts began to be aired publicly about Yes Bank’s loan portfolio. UBS published a report suggesting that Mr. Kapoor’s bets were not always working out. Alarmingly, the report said Yes Bank had lent around 125 per cent of its net worth to stressed companies.

Soon after the UBS report, the RBI opened what’s called an Asset Quality Review (AQR) which, as the name suggests, looks at the loans on a bank’s books. Before the AQR in 2015, bankers avoided recognizing bad loans on their books. They did this by restructuring the loans susceptible to defaults or by extending new loans, called ever-greening, to keep the stressed borrowers afloat. Thus, while the borrowers were able to avoid defaults on repayments, the lenders managed to show low non-performing assets (NPAs).

What came out of Yes Bank's AQR was nothing short of staggering. The RBI found that for the year ended March 2016, Yes Bank had understated gross NPAs by a whopping ₹4,176.70 crore. For the year ended March 2017, the under reporting was to the tune of ₹6,355 crore!! This eventually led to RBI forcing Rana Kapoor out of Yes Bank and bringing in a new management team. Not much changed however. For the year ended March 2019, the RBI discovered under-reported NPAs worth ₹2,299 crore. Finally in early March 2020, RBI decided enough was enough and took control of the company and its Board.

"The Lender of Last Resort"

So how did things come to such a pass? Rana Kapoor had always been a banking industry superstar. He spent 16 years at Bank of America and then moved to ANZ Grindlays as India country head. But he entertained greater ambitions and envisaged creating his own organisation in an era when few executives harbored such dreams. In 2004, he set up Yes Bank along with his brother-in-law Ashok Kapur.

For years, it seemed Yes Bank could do no wrong. It was seen as a welcome modernizer, a breath of fresh air in India’s banking sector, ushering in new technologies and a fresh customer-focused approach to banking. And Kapoor relished risk, aggressively lending money in a conservative banking landscape. While private sector rival HDFC Bank focused on the traditional retail sector, Yes Bank had no hesitation about loaning to the business sector. In India’s corporate sector, there were many who called Kapoor "the lender of last resort" who would lend even to financially strapped corporations but would ensure that Yes Bank always made its money. Mr. Kapoor recovered money from groups like Deccan Chronicle and Vijay Mallya’s United Breweries, which have had huge financial troubles over the years. 

Inevitably, with such high risk strategies, Yes Bank's luck eventually ran out. It ended up lending funds to companies such as Anil Ambani’s Reliance, the Essel Group (Zee), IL&FS, Jet Airways, Cox & Kings and Vodafone, all of which ran into deep financial trouble. 

The troubles that Yes Bank was running into was in plain sight. Yet RBI and the stock market analysts chose to look the other way. Just one simple question everyone should have asked but few did : how did the bank grow its loan book by 80% between March 31, 2017, and March 31, 2019, when the economy was down and credit demand unusually low? Yes Bank’s loan book grew from Rs 1,32,000 crore in FY 2017 to Rs 2,41,000 crore in FY 2019. That is an increase of Rs 1,09,000 crore or 80% in just two years, when most banks were finding it difficult to lend.

In hindsight, Mr Kapoor and YES Bank may have been given too long a rope.

What can we learn from the crisis?

What next?

The largest bank in the country, State Bank of India, has been parachuted in by RBI to save Yes Bank. SBI will hold up to 49% stake in the bank, with an assurance it will not go below 26% for three years. For all practical purposes, it is an indirect use of public resources to bail out a failed private bank. It was however unavoidable; the only way to preserve the integrity of the financial system and insulate a fragile economy from more damage. All central banks have learnt a lesson post the Lehman crisis of 2008. Letting a bank fail is no longer a viable option.

The Yes Bank episode drives home the point that India’s financial sector is fragile. A part of the problem has been poor supervisory performance of RBI. The outcome is that the taxpayer has been repeatedly burdened by bailouts; the Punjab National Bank (PNB) bailout of 2018 is still fresh in everyone's mind. There is scant evidence that these bailouts are accompanied by governance reforms or an improvement in RBI’s regulatory and supervisory skills.

India's banking industry is at a critical juncture. Banks including South Indian Bank Ltd. and Karnataka Bank Ltd. are among lenders that are at high risk for reasons including their weaker capital buffers and lower provisions for loans. Meanwhile, Federal Bank Ltd., RBL Bank and IndusInd Bank have had to issue statements to refute speculation about weaknesses in their balance sheets. Unless we learn from the Yes Bank fiasco, other bank failures cannot be ruled out.

As Winston Churchill once famously said....."Those who fail to learn from history are condemned to repeat it". Given the current stressed economic environment, we can ill afford a banking crisis in India.

****************************************************************************************************************************************************

Thanks for reading. All views are personal.

Disclosure : I may hold stocks of some of the companies mentioned in this article.

Singapore Correspondent at Press Trust of India. (Economics,Trade ,Finance & Politics)

Technology: Big demand for data analysts, says Monster report https://bit.ly/3sQ1Nw2 Organisations are hiring people with ability to understand complex data, says Dr Rai # #hiring #data #people #technology #artificialintelligence #machinelearning #dataanalytics #bigdata #skillsdevelopment #markets #corporations #amazon #samsung #barclays #americanexpress #bankers #consumerprotection

Technology: TerraPay to help Indian customers-merchants in cross-border payments https://bit.ly/3QXKi60 Sharma aims to take NPCI solutions to international markets #fintech #technology #help #markets #payments #bankers #bankingindustry #fintechstartup #rupay #paymentservices #paymenttechnology #markets #uk #india #creditcard PLASTIC ONLINE TRADE (POT) #onlinebusiness #paymentsolutions #financeandeconomy #financialmarkets #financialfreedom #foreignpolicy #foreigndirectinvestment State Bank of India #bank Barclays Corporate & Investment Bank

Project: India looks forward to engage private sector for building space system https://bit.ly/3DK2MEc ISRO-NASA to launch radar satellite for earth observation #india #project #building #space #nasa #isro #spacetechnology #spaceship #sciencestudents #technology #market #satellitesystems #shuttleservice #spaceshuttle #spaceship #earth #markets #trends #monitoringsolutions State Bank of India #bank #bankingindustry #spaceindustry #manufacturingindustry #investments #investorshub #investorsgroup

Project: Gadkari updates on Rs.2,030cr Greenfield Highway https://bit.ly/3BzgjLV Work in full progress on Rajasthan-Gujarat Border to Santalpur section of NH754A 
#constructionequipmentcompany #constructionindustry #constructiontechnology #work #project #projectfinancing #tenders #bankingindustry #contractors #contracts #morth #nhai #greenhydrogen #greenenergy #greenfinance #greendeal #greenhousegasemissions #projectmanagement #transportationindustry #transport CONEXPO-CON/AGG bauma CONEXPO INDIA MEED | Middle East Economic Digest Tenders UK #india #middleeast State Bank of India #bank

Exports: Jalna MMLP designed to ship agro products https://bit.ly/3xInKiJ Gadkari sees automobile hub in Marathwada region #agro #exports #exportersindia #agricultureandfarming #agribusinessmanagement #logistics #logisticsmanagement #logisticscompany DHL FedEx #shippingindustry #containershipping #exportimport #exportfinance #bankingindustry #investments #investorshub #investorsgroup #multimodaltransportation #automobileindustry #manufacturingindustry #markets #us #india #japan #europe #shipping

Manufacturing: Semiconductor development programme modified https://bit.ly/3DKO67I Global investors attracted to setup fabs in India, says the Cabinet #semiconductors #india #development #semiconductor #manufacturing #manufacturingindustry #bankingindustry #investorshub #investmentstrategies #investorshub #investindia #exports #exportersindia #commerceinternational #tradeassociation #chambersofcommerce  #technologies #pmoindia

Markets: India has intensified cooperation across multiple fronts https://bit.ly/3duJYOD Wong welcomes India’s participation in broader region #india #markets #singapore #investments #investors #investmentstrategies #investmentsolutions #bankingindustry OCBC Bank DBS Bank #bank #fintechstartup #fintechinnovation #fintechsolutions #technologies #artificialintelligencetechnology #machinelearningsolutions #blockchaintechnology #ddosprotection #cloudarchitecture #cloudengineering #cloudadoption #cloudcomputing #cloudaccounting #cyberattack #startupfunding

Project: Tata Play Fibre selects NYSE-listed Juniper to network upgrade https://bit.ly/3DKWWST Cloud Metro innovations to deliver unparalleled network experiences for customers, says Paul #fiberoptics #cloud #project #network #internetmarketing #internetofthings #iot #artificialintelligence #machinelearning #blockchain #deeplearning #bigdata #cloudcomputing #cloudsecurity #cloudengineer #cybersecurity #cyber #markets #india #nyse

Market: Korean tech launches Health Water Machines in India https://bit.ly/3SlaDMt Bhatia says committed to bring best global technology to the Indian market #water #technology #india #health #tech #drinking #machinelearning #technologies Waters Corporation WatersTechnology.com #wastemanagement #environmental #greentech #greenenergy #greenindia #health #healthcare #healthinsurance #healthandsafety #healthcareleaders #hospital #hospitalityindustry #waterindustry #projects #contracts #constructionindustry

Technologies: India-Germany to work on Green Hydrogen https://bit.ly/3DH1lq7 An Indo-German Green Hydrogen Task Force on anvil #hydrogen #work #india #greenenergy #greentech #technologies #markets #renewables #renewableenergy #energytransition #energystorage #bankingindustry #opec #iea #petroleum #german #investments #technologies #cleanenergy #environment #projects #financialplanning #financialservices #investors Deutsche Bank Technology, Data & Innovation #technology #innovation #data #bank #market #solarenergy #solarpower #windenergy WindEnergy Hamburg #saudiarabia #qatar #oman #venezuela #brazil #crudeoil #diesel #biofuels

Technology: France to work with India on plastic pollution https://bit.ly/3BW2okw AFD joins MoHUA-Villgro in Swacchata Startup Challenge #technology #work #india #startup #france #challenge #fintech #plastics #pollution #environment #climatechange #wastemanagement #bankingindustry #manufacturing #climatefinance #blueeconomy #india #france #technologies #funding #financeandeconomy #startupstrategies State Bank of India #bank Pollution Analytical Equipment

12,008 followers

The Uttar Pradesh State government promulgated the Prohibition of Unlawful Religious Conversion Ordinance, 2020 which is also popularly labeled as “Love Jihad Law” by many people. The said law was enacted on 24 th November 2020 by the state governor Anandiben Patil. The legislation deals with the regulation of religious conversions and forbids any particular religious conversion by force, coercion, allurement or any other undue influence. The states of Karnataka and Himachal Pradesh are also in line to enact such a law which prohibits inter-faith marriages with the sole or primary objective of religious conversion.

The Ordinance explains conversion as renouncing one’s current faith and adopting another of the same. The law contains a particular procedure for any person looking to convert his/her religion and only if through the prescribed procedure the conversion has done, it will be considered valid and otherwise it shall be subject to criminal penalty.

The law is in heavy criticism due to its severe penalties and a complex procedure. The Allahabad High Court also while quashing a FIR stated that “Right to choose a partner, irrespective of religion, is intrinsic to right to life and personal liberty”.

The Kerala Police (Amendment) Ordinance, 2020 was enacted on November 20, 2020 by the governor of the state Arif Mohammad Khan. The Ordinance is the amendment to the Kerala Police Act, 2011. The 2020 ordinance administers the powers and duties of the law enforcement agency in the state of Kerala. The amendment in section 118(a) confers to enforce punishment for offences related to threat, humiliation or defamation.

The Ordinance proposes a criminal liability on any expression, publication or dissemination of threatening, abusive, defamatory or humiliating content made through any mode of communication punishable if the person does it knowing it to be false and damaging to reputation or mind of another person. The ordinance had landed various criticisms throughout the country and in the state of Kerala.

The opposition states this legislation as an attack against the Article 19 of the Constitution of India which ensures Freedom of speech to every individual. The Editors Guild of India had also urged the Chief Minister of Kerala to withdraw such “Disturbing” legislation which not only suppresses the freedom of press but also provides the police agency with intemperate power to target any person under the cover of this Ordinance.

However the Kerala Government has decided to withdraw this Ordinance to revise its consequences. The Chief Minister of Kerala has stated that the Ordinance was promulgated to curb defamation and the spread of fake news but due to such apprehensions which were raised after the enactment of this Ordinance the matter has been taken to reconsideration.

The Arbitration and Conciliation (Amendment) Ordinance, 2020 was promulgated on November 4, 2020 by the President of India. The primary objective of the Act is to assure that all the stakeholders get an opportunity to seek for unconditional stay of enforcement of arbitral awards where the underlying arbitration agreement or contract or making of the arbitral award are induced by fraud or corruption.

The Ordinance amends the ‘automatic stay on awards’ clause of the principal act and the 2015 amendment of the principal act. The ordinance provides that a stay on arbitral can be provided even during the pendency of the setting aside application if the court is satisfied that the concerned arbitral agreement or arbitral award was brought through fraud or corruption. Further, after this amendment the courts will have to be more careful in granting an unconditional stay on enforcement of the arbitral award.

The insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Amendment) Ordinance 2020 was promulgated by the President of India on 5 June, 2020. The principal Code (IBC 2016) provides a corporate debtor as well as its creditors to constitute corporate insolvency resolution process in case of insolvency.

The 2020 Amendment Ordinance by introducing section 10(a) prorogates any such proceedings for defaults arising during the six months from 25 March 2020 (extendable up-to one year). The government believes that the lockdown initiated due to COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruption to various businesses. This non-functioning of businesses might led them into insolvency and therefore the promulgation of this amendment is necessary.

The proviso after section 10(a) of the Amendment states that no application for corporate insolvency resolution process shall ever be filed against a corporate debtor for any default occurring during the suspension period. This may result in a scenario where creditors are unable to hold the company liable for these defaults even after the company is in the capacity to repay.

The President of India on 22 April, 2020 promulgated the Epidemic Disease (Amendment) Ordinance 2020. The Ordinance amends the Epidemic Disease Act, 1897. The principal Act provides for prevention against the spread of any disease which is dangerous for human life. The Ordinance amends the Act to ensure the protection and safety of healthcare personnel working against prevention from the COVID-19 pandemic.

The Ordinance defines healthcare personnel as any person who is in direct contact with affected patients or at a risk of being impacted by such disease while carrying out his/her responsibilities related to the epidemic.

These healthcare personnel include:

The Ordinance provides for enforcement of criminal liability against any person who initiates any ‘act of violence’ against the healthcare personnel. The criminal liability consists of an imprisonment between three months and five years, and a fine between Rs 50,000/- and 2,00,000/-. The ordinance further provides that the trail against the person guilty of above said offence should be concluded within one year.

The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Ordinance, 2020 was promulgated by the President of India on 5 th June 2020. This Ordinance provides for institution of an ecosystem where the farmers and traders enjoy the freedom of choice relating to sale and purchase of farmer’s produce which facilitates higher prices for commodities due to competitive alternative trading channels.

The Ordinance’s primary objective is to increase the availability of buyers for farmers’ product by providing them with the options of intra-state and inter-state trade. These outside premises includes

The Ordinance further permits the electronic trading of scheduled farmers’ produce in the specified trade area. The Ordinance restrains the state government from levying any market fee, cess or levy on farmers, traders, and electronic trading platforms. This ordinance is right now in the question due to the backlash of farmers especially from the state of Punjab and Haryana.

The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Ordinance, 2020 was promulgated by the President of India on 5 th June 2020. This Ordinance aims for a national well-designed structure on farming agreements that protects and empowers farmers to engage with agri-business firms, processors, wholesalers, exporters or large retailers for farms services.

This Ordinance provides for an agreement between farmer and a buyer prior to the production of any crops. The agreement shall be for a minimum time period of one crop season, or one production cycle of livestock. The maximum period of the agreement is five years unless the production cycle is more than five years. The Ordinance also provides for conciliation incase of any dispute between the farmer and the buyer. The farming agreement must provide a conciliation board for dispute resolution. If the dispute remains unresolved by the board, parties may approach the SDM for resolution. The parties may also approach appellate authority in case they are not satisfied with the decision of the magistrate.

The Essential Commodities (Amendment) Ordinance, 2020 was promulgated by the President of India on 5th June 2020. This Ordinance amends the principal Act (Essential Commodities Act, 1955).

The Ordinance is promulgated for the purpose of increasing the competitiveness in the agriculture sector and enhancing the income of the farmers. The ordinance provides that the government may administer the production, supply, distribution and trade of essential commodities only under extra-ordinary circumstances.

These circumstances consist of (i) war, (ii) famine, (iii) extraordinary price rise and (iv) natural calamity of grave nature.

The Ordinances demands that imposition of any stock limit on agriculture produce must be on the basis of change in prices. The Ordinance may help the farmer by attracting private investment in cold storage, warehouses etc. The ordinance may also bring stability in prices and raise farmer’s income.

Technology: Big demand for data analysts, says Monster report https://bit.ly/3sQ1Nw2 Organisations are hiring people with ability to understand complex data, says Dr Rai # #hiring #data #people #technology #artificialintelligence #machinelearning #dataanalytics #bigdata #skillsdevelopment #markets #corporations #amazon #samsung #barclays #americanexpress #bankers #consumerprotection
        

Technology: TerraPay to help Indian customers-merchants in cross-border payments https://bit.ly/3QXKi60 Sharma aims to take NPCI solutions to international markets #fintech #technology #help #markets #payments #bankers #bankingindustry #fintechstartup #rupay #paymentservices #paymenttechnology #markets #uk #india #creditcard PLASTIC ONLINE TRADE (POT) #onlinebusiness #paymentsolutions #financeandeconomy #financialmarkets #financialfreedom #foreignpolicy #foreigndirectinvestment State Bank of India #bank Barclays Corporate & Investment Bank
        

Project: India looks forward to engage private sector for building space system https://bit.ly/3DK2MEc ISRO-NASA to launch radar satellite for earth observation #india #project #building #space #nasa #isro #spacetechnology #spaceship #sciencestudents #technology #market #satellitesystems #shuttleservice #spaceshuttle #spaceship #earth #markets #trends #monitoringsolutions State Bank of India #bank #bankingindustry #spaceindustry #manufacturingindustry #investments #investorshub #investorsgroup
        

Project: Gadkari updates on Rs.2,030cr Greenfield Highway https://bit.ly/3BzgjLV Work in full progress on Rajasthan-Gujarat Border to Santalpur section of NH754A 
#constructionequipmentcompany #constructionindustry #constructiontechnology #work #project #projectfinancing #tenders #bankingindustry #contractors #contracts #morth #nhai #greenhydrogen #greenenergy #greenfinance #greendeal #greenhousegasemissions #projectmanagement #transportationindustry #transport CONEXPO-CON/AGG bauma CONEXPO INDIA MEED | Middle East Economic Digest Tenders UK #india #middleeast State Bank of India #bank
        

Exports: Jalna MMLP designed to ship agro products https://bit.ly/3xInKiJ Gadkari sees automobile hub in Marathwada region #agro #exports #exportersindia #agricultureandfarming #agribusinessmanagement #logistics #logisticsmanagement #logisticscompany DHL FedEx #shippingindustry #containershipping #exportimport #exportfinance #bankingindustry #investments #investorshub #investorsgroup #multimodaltransportation #automobileindustry #manufacturingindustry #markets #us #india #japan #europe #shipping
        

Manufacturing: Semiconductor development programme modified https://bit.ly/3DKO67I Global investors attracted to setup fabs in India, says the Cabinet #semiconductors #india #development #semiconductor #manufacturing #manufacturingindustry #bankingindustry #investorshub #investmentstrategies #investorshub #investindia #exports #exportersindia #commerceinternational #tradeassociation #chambersofcommerce  #technologies #pmoindia
        

Markets: India has intensified cooperation across multiple fronts https://bit.ly/3duJYOD Wong welcomes India’s participation in broader region #india #markets #singapore #investments #investors #investmentstrategies #investmentsolutions #bankingindustry OCBC Bank DBS Bank #bank #fintechstartup #fintechinnovation #fintechsolutions #technologies #artificialintelligencetechnology #machinelearningsolutions #blockchaintechnology #ddosprotection #cloudarchitecture #cloudengineering #cloudadoption #cloudcomputing #cloudaccounting #cyberattack #startupfunding
        

Project: Tata Play Fibre selects NYSE-listed Juniper to network upgrade https://bit.ly/3DKWWST Cloud Metro innovations to deliver unparalleled network experiences for customers, says Paul #fiberoptics #cloud #project #network #internetmarketing #internetofthings #iot #artificialintelligence #machinelearning #blockchain #deeplearning #bigdata #cloudcomputing #cloudsecurity #cloudengineer #cybersecurity #cyber #markets #india #nyse
        

Market: Korean tech launches Health Water Machines in India https://bit.ly/3SlaDMt Bhatia says committed to bring best global technology to the Indian market #water #technology #india #health #tech #drinking #machinelearning #technologies Waters Corporation WatersTechnology.com #wastemanagement #environmental #greentech #greenenergy #greenindia #health #healthcare #healthinsurance #healthandsafety #healthcareleaders #hospital #hospitalityindustry #waterindustry #projects #contracts #constructionindustry
        

Technologies: India-Germany to work on Green Hydrogen https://bit.ly/3DH1lq7 An Indo-German Green Hydrogen Task Force on anvil #hydrogen #work #india #greenenergy #greentech #technologies #markets #renewables #renewableenergy #energytransition #energystorage #bankingindustry #opec #iea #petroleum #german #investments #technologies #cleanenergy #environment #projects #financialplanning #financialservices #investors Deutsche Bank Technology, Data & Innovation #technology #innovation #data #bank #market #solarenergy #solarpower #windenergy WindEnergy Hamburg #saudiarabia #qatar #oman #venezuela #brazil #crudeoil #diesel #biofuels
        

Technology: France to work with India on plastic pollution https://bit.ly/3BW2okw AFD joins MoHUA-Villgro in Swacchata Startup Challenge #technology #work #india #startup #france #challenge #fintech #plastics #pollution #environment #climatechange #wastemanagement #bankingindustry #manufacturing #climatefinance #blueeconomy #india #france #technologies #funding #financeandeconomy #startupstrategies State Bank of India #bank Pollution Analytical Equipment
        


Stock Market: A Persistent Leader https://buff.ly/2vQPWll Ashish Chauhan BSE

Stock Market Live Updates: Nifty below 17,700, Sensex declines 300 points as market falls over half percent
#StockMarket #Nifty #Live

A sector wise analysis on the stock market

Best Small Cap Stock For Long-term
Follow Stock Market Singahi
#Smallcapstock #Smallcap #Stock #Burgerking #Keiindustries #Granules #Mtartech #Esab #Whirlpool #Bestsmallcap #Investment #Finance #Sharemarket #MutualFund #StockMarketSingahi

Kick start your stock market training online with Sharekhan Classroom!
Register now to make sure you don't miss out!
- https://bit.ly/3cZ0ce9
#SharekhanClassroom #TradeTiger #SharekhanKar

Kick start your stock market training online with Sharekhan Classroom!
Register now to make sure you don't miss out!
- https://bit.ly/32X4r6k
#SharekhanClassroom #StockMarket #SharekhanApp #SharekhanKar

"The stock market is always there. It has been there for centuries, and it lives longer than anyone of us here. Therefore, don’t rush and trade all your capital like there is no tomorrow.” — Benjamin Lee
Stock trading is not completely known to everyone. Some people invest all their money in one stock and later regret it. This is because they don't have the proper knowledge.
BSEIndia provides you valuable information about stock trading which will help you invest your money better.
BSE Institute is a 100% subsidiary of #BSEIndia, the world's largest stock exchange. It provides over 150 different courses, helping students to boost their careers and be better investors.
Visit: https://bit.ly/2ZIJ4lZ
bsebti.com
bsevarsity.com
#BSE #stockmarkets #markets #finance #financialmarkets #mutualfunds #shares #BSEInstitute #BSEvarsity #stockmarket

Solutions for:

From the course: Understanding Capital Markets

- [Instructor] Have you ever wondered how much you should expect to earn in the US stock market and if you should be investing outside the US as well? These questions are common for investors. And they relate to a key idea in active markets. How much can you earn from your investments? In the historical sense, the US stock markets and bond market returns have varied widely over time. In some years, the stock market's up 20 or 30% or even more. And other years, it's down 40%. But on average, US stock returns, or equity returns as they're sometimes called, have averaged roughly 11% since 1928. Now that's a pretty good rate of return. But it hides an important fact. Returns fluctuate a lot. A one or two percent per day move is common. But the markets frequently fall at a sharper rate than they rise. So while gains might be averaging, say one percent per month for the first nine months of a year like 2018, they could…

*Price may change based on profile and billing country information entered during Sign In or Registration

- [Narrator] How often do stocks do poorly? The answer is quite often, despite what you might think. A recent research study by Hank Bessembinder at the University of Arizona asked the question, do stocks outperform Treasury bills? Treasury bills, often called T-bills, are just short term bonds that mature in less than a year and they're issued or sold by the US Treasury. Basically, people buy Treasury bills as a way to earn just a very small return on their cash with no risk. It's pretty close to the equivalent of putting your money into a savings account. Traditionally, T-bills have very low returns. Often times in recent years, it's been less than 2%. Now, what Bessembinder shows is that basically about half of stocks do not outperform Treasury bills. About half the stocks in your portfolio will be break-even investments or they're even going to lose money in a given year. Think about that. So if half of stocks lose…

- If you're going to invest, you need to be familiar with the different stock-market indices, ranging from the Dow to the Russell 2000, how they're calculated and what they represent to the market overall. So I'm here on CNBC.com and this screen just shows us a couple of important stock indices. In particular, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, which represents 30 large cap companies that are representative of the US economy as a whole and the NASDAQ 100 which represents an index tracking the NASDAQ, that tech-heavy stock exchange. Now as we can see if we scroll through the Dow 30 list, there's a number of names on here you might be familiar with. American Express, Apple, Boeing, Cisco, Exxon, Home Depot, etc. These are large companies that are chosen because they represent the overall economy. This group, this bucket of 30 stocks, gets lumped together under the name the Dow Jones Industrial Average, or simply the…

From the course: Behavioral Finance Foundations

- [Instructor] Stock market anomalies are a great opportunity to potentially increase the return on your investments. These anomalies are basically just traits of certain types of stocks, like valuation and size that consistently produce returns greater than what we'd expect given their risk. Now these anomalies don't fit with what we call the Efficient Market Hypothesis. The Efficient Market Hypothesis basically says that investors can't consistently outperform just a basic buy and hold strategy. In other words, holding a diversified portfolio of common stocks is the best you can do. The only way to increase your return is to take more risk. The EMH says that any research you do is pointless. You're wasting your time watching CNBC. In other words, throwing darts to select stocks would be just about as effective. In fact, there's an old experiment done with this using a dart board and monkeys. They put stocks up on a dart board and had monkeys throw darts at the board. Now, the monkeys' stock picks, if you can call it that, were then compared against the stock picks of professional investors. Well, the good news is that the professional investors didn't lose to the monkeys. The bad news is they didn't really beat the monkeys either. So the Efficient Market Hypothesis simply says that a lot of your research is a waste of time. But turns out the Efficient Market Hypothesis is actually not all that accurate. The Efficient Market Hypothesis can't explain market anomalies. For instance, what we observe is anomalies like in the month of January, stocks outperform compared to the month of February. This is called the January effect. For no particularly good reason, simply because it's the month of January, stock returns historically are much higher than they are in February. That doesn't seem like it fits with the Efficient Market Hypothesis, right? And, in fact, there's a variety of other anomalies out there that don't fit with the EMH either. For instance, the price to earnings effect or the size effect. Stocks that have a relatively low PE ratio tend to outperform those, on average, that have a high PE ratio. Small stocks outperform large stocks, on average. And dozens of other anomalies exist. All these anomalies point to a similar conclusion. Investors may be able to beat the performance of the broader stock market by using publicly available information if they can capitalize on these anomalies. There's a variety of anomalies out there, including momentum effects, post-earnings announcement drift anomalies, or the PEAD anomaly, and many others. Often times anomalies are best captured using algorithmic trading. If you're interested in learning more about algorithmic trading, check out my algorithmic trading courses here on LinkedIn Learning to learn more. So the take away from all these anomalies is simply this, investors may be able to beat stock performance benchmarks using publicly available information if they can capture and capitalize on these behavioral anomalies. Start thinking about whether you want to try to capitalize on these in your portfolio, or if you prefer a simpler buy and hold strategy.

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

From the course: Finance Foundations

- Now that we know what a stock is and what a bond is, let's talk about stock markets and bond markets. A stock market or stock exchange is just a place either physical or virtual where people can come together and trade stocks. For example, the New York Stock Exchange started back in 1792 under a sycamore tree in New York on Wall Street where people who owned stocks or people who represented those who owned stocks could get together and trade those stocks. A stock exchange. An example of a virtual exchange is the NASDAQ, started in 1971 as just a computer system where people could post up the fact I own some stocks and I want to sell them or I want to buy some stocks. It was a virtual meeting place. The largest stock market in the world is the New York Stock Exchange and the second largest stock market in the world is the NASDAQ which started this trend towards more virtual stock markets. Most stock markets now are not physical meeting places. Most stock trading happens virtually through computers but it all started back in 1792 under a sycamore tree on Wall Street. Now here are some unsettling questions to consider. Are stock markets just places for people to gamble? Is there any social value to a stock market? Well, let me illustrate the social value of a stock market using something with which we're all familiar, buying a car. Let's say you're going to buy a brand new car for $30,000. After five years, this car can be sold as a used car for $15,000 but does the existence of this used car market impact me when I'm originally thinking of buying the new car? Do I care that there's a used car market out there? Yeah, I do because I know if I buy the car now, if I get tired of this car after a year or two or five, I'll be able to sell it to somebody else. The existence of the used car market makes it more likely that I'll buy the new car because I can get rid of it at some time in the future if I want to. This helps the new car dealer sell new cars because buyers are more willing to buy new cars knowing that they won't be stuck with them forever. You can think of a stock market as just a place to sell used shares of stock. The shares were originally issued to shareholders and now those shares are traded on the used share market. Just as with new cars and used cars, the existence of a stock market makes shareholders more wiling to invest and buy shares in the first place. Shareholders think okay, I'll invest in this company because if I decide I don't want to be an owner in this company anymore and I want to take my money somewhere else, I can sell my shares in the used share market. This is part of the social value of a stock market. The existence of the stock market makes it more likely that people will invest in stocks in the first place.

Learn the most in-demand business, tech and creative skills from industry experts.

This is the second in a series of article on Asia's stock markets, the results of research for a book on Asia's stock markets that will be published later in September 2021.

A few weeks ago you were able to read about the world first IPO and the first trading of stocks in the world's first purpose build stock exchange.

That first stock exchange, the world's first, opened on August 1, 1611 in Amsterdam. It consisted of a covered stone passage around a large rectangular courtyard where commodities were traded, each in their own designated location. Trading in stocks took place by one of the pillars at the back of the exchange.

The world first stock exchange in Amsterdam. Shares were traded at the back off the inner court.

Source: Wikimedia Commons

This novel idea of trading shares spread around the globe and soon, London soon overtook its Amsterdam counterpart as the world most powerful financial centre. And on 8 March 1817, the Americans joined and opened the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).

Then, it was Asia’s turn. The regions first stock exchange opened in Mumbai in 1875. In the years before that, Indian stockbrokers traditionally met under shady banyan trees in front of the town hall and later at the junction of Meadows Street. But as the number of stockbrokers rose and the streets became congested with agitated traders, they were asked to move moved to Dalal Street, or Broker Street, a name that became synonymous with India’s finance industry (like Wall Street in the US).

Elphinstone Circle in 1879, where people gathered under a shady tree to trade stocks, a few years before the opening of Asia's first stock exchange in Mumbai. Following independence, it was renamed Horniman Circle. This view shows the gardens and fountain in the centre, with the banyan tree a little further up, left of centre.

Source: Nick Gray, CC BY-SA 2.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0>, via Wikimedia Commons

A few years later, on the other side of the region in Tokyo, Japanese stockbrokers, easily identified on the streets by their distinctive kimonos, gathered to iron out details of their plan to open a stock exchange. This was the Tokyo Stock Exchange and it was first opened on 15 May 1878. Other Japanese cities followed and set up their own stock exchange – the Osaka stock exchange, for example – and it was many years later, in 1943, in the middle of World War II, when they merged these different stock markets into one large one named the Japanese Stock Exchange. That market had a short life - it was shut down at the end of World War II and reopened a few years later, in 1949, as the Tokyo Stock Exchange. and that is the name it still operates under today.

The Japanese were big in financial innovation. As early as 1730, trading in rice set in motion all sorts of innovations that found their way into stock markets. In that year, Shogun Tokugawa Yoshimune authorized trade in rice futures at the Dojima Exchange in Osaka, the world’s first organised futures market and the idea of buying and selling futures was later adopted in stock markets. These days, futures trading is big business.

The Japanese also invented the candle stock chart, now widely used by stock traders. A rice trader, Munehisa Homma, used these colorful charts to track movements rice prices, a practice followed much later by stock traders.

A Japanese invention: the candlestick chart (source: Wikimedia Commons)

The Japanese were also the first to create an Asian stock market index. To measure the pulse of the market, the Nihon Keizai Shimbun (The Nikkei) newspaper issued the Nikkei 225 index as early as 1950, the first in Asia. The Topix, another widely used index in Japan, came into use much later, in 1969. That is also when Hang Seng Bank in Hong Kong started to issue an index to track movements in the Hong Kong market -the wel--known Hang Seng index.

Cities elsewhere in the region have joined the stock market club. In Jakarta, called Batavia at the time, the market opened in 1912. The Philippines followed a few decades later with two stock exchanges – one in Manila in 1927 and another much later in nearby Makati in 1963. They traded exactly the same stocks in two different locations and the markets eventually merged in 1992 to form the Philippine Stock Exchange. 

After the Korean War finished in 1953, South Korea established the Korean Stock Exchange (KSE) and in 1997, a second exchange, the KOSDAQ, was launched to attract new tech companies and other young businesses. It proved to be a huge success.

The first Thai exchange was established in July 1962 in Bangkok. At first, it did not attract a lot of attention and died a slow death. But the Thais give it another shot and in 1975 the Securities Exchange of Thailand (SET) started trading, this time more successfully so. Singapore had joined the club two years earlier. 

Most of these new Asian stock exchanges were raucous, bustling “open outcry” markets, with brokers receiving orders from clients on pieces of paper and shouting them to so-called market makers, the holders of an inventory of stock. When it got too noisy, they used hand signals and to identify brokers in the crowd they would wear special colored jackets. Traders for HSBC, for example, wore striped red and white jackets. Later, in the 1990s, these traders became obsolete as computer trading systems did the same job, much faster. 

The history of China’s stock markets is a little more complex. The Opium Wars and the Treaty of Nanking in 1842 allowed the British and other nations to establish footholds in China and get access to the country’ markets. In Shanghai – in an area called the International Settlement – and Guangzhou (Canton), foreigners traded rubber, coal and other goods under their own laws. Stocks were popular too, and in June 1866 a first list of shares was nailed to a wall. 

Source: Shanghai Custom House 1886, “The world: historical and actual”, Gilbert, Frank.https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_world-_historical_and_actual_(1886)_(14596896879).jpg

Eventually, the sale of shares had to be conducted through appointed stockbrokers to make sure nobody sold pieces of worthless paper and in 1891, the Shanghai Sharebrokers’ Association met for the first time to set up a proper stock market. The birth of the Shanghai Stock Exchange coincided with the opening of the Hong Kong stock exchange.

Initially, a few banks, shipping, canal and dock companies listed on this Shanghai market. It was modest in size – total market value of USD23m in 1871 – because large companies that needed capital, such as railroads, preferred to issue shares in London. The Shanghai market was dominated by rubber plantations and by autumn 1910 there were as many as 47 rubber companies listed. In fact, rubber remained the biggest sector until the 1940s. 

Trading in Shanghai stocks ground to a halt in the Second World War and after a short resumption after the war, the Shanghai stock market was closed again in 1949. This time, it was several decades before the market opened again. Meanwhile, the stock market in Hong Kong, set up at the same time as its Shanghai counterpart in 1891, remained an active place to buy and sell shares. By 1969, the Hang Seng Index was being quoted in newspapers on a daily basis and this market turned itself from a backwater to a major stock market in the 1980s when big property companies and its largest airline were listed. It were not just local companies that listed in Hong Kong. In the 1980s, Tsingtao, a beer brewer, was the first Chinese company to list its shares in Hong Kong. Many more were to follow.

Deng Xiaoping, China’s great reformer, reopened the country’s economy to foreigners in 1978 and in December 1990 it was decided to open the Shanghai stock market again. I remember reading about it in newspapers while backpacking through China in the same year. Some Chinese stocks had shares listed in both markets and his gave rise to the distinction between Chinese companies listed in Hong Kong (H-shares) and those listed in Shanghai (A-shares). 

The bull outside the Shenzhen stock exchange (Wikimedia Commons)

China also opened a second exchange in the bustling southern city of Shenzhen in 1990 in order to raise funds for local technology companies. It proved to be hugely popular although there were a few hiccups along the way- in 1992, protests broke out when there were not enough forms printed to subscribe to a new share offering. I remember this very clearly because I was there and walked past long lines of people trying to put their money in this IPO (later, when the forms ran out, it all got a bit boisterous).

In those days, Chinese markets were small and only for the more adventurous investors. Later, foreign investors that wanted to dabble into these markets had to apply for a special quota. Over the years, these Chinese markets boomed and turned into some of the largest and most liquid stock markets on the planet. From mere backwaters, Asia's stock markets have grown to become an integral part of a chain of large global financial markets with their own pulse and rhythm.

Size and liquidity of Asian stock markets compared

Source: Federation of Stock Exchanges

-end-

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has been having a rough time of late. The UK share of European IPO activity has been shrinking ever since the Brexit vote in 2016 and many of the most innovative companies continue to look to New York when they go public. Mark Austin, a partner at law firm Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer, has been tasked with shaking things up on the 220-year-old market, while LSE CEO Julia Hoggett is optimistic that Cambridge chip designer Arm will list some of its shares on this side of the Atlantic in its upcoming IPO.

Read and share unique perspectives with professionals around the world

- [Instructor] If you're going to invest in stocks, you'll need to understand how buying and selling stocks works. So I'm here on E-Trade's brokerage page. Now there's a variety of different brokers that you can use to help you buy and sell stocks. Brokers include groups like E-Trade, TD Ameritrade, Schwab, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, and many others that are out there. We're using E-Trade simply because they have a nice convenient platform for learning purposes. Now I've put in Apple's stock. The ticker symbol AAPL is up here and represents Apple. If I wanted to buy or sell Apple stock, I would click on one of these buttons and it would take me to a page that looks like this one. So here I am ready to put in my order. If I want to buy Apple stock, I have two choices. I could either use a market order or a limit order. A market order simply means that I'm going to put in my order for Apple stock and I will pay…

- [Instructor] One important trend you need to be aware of if you're thinking about investing is what I call the shrinking stock market. The size of the US stock market by the number of publicly traded firms peaked in 1998 at roughly 10,000 companies. By 2018, there were about 4,000 stocks traded on the NYSE and the Nasdaq. The shrinking stock market has largely been driven by large companies buying up smaller ones at a consistent rate and by fewer companies going public over time. So what does that mean for individual investors like you and me? Well, for one thing, it means more competition in finding great stocks to invest in. An IPO or Initial Public Offering is the first time that a stock is sold to the general public. Historically, the US often had maybe 300 to 500 IPOs per year. These days, we often have 100 or less IPOs per year. Now the average IPO today is older and more stable than it used to be. Firms like Facebook and Uber provide good examples. Those firms both waited years longer than firms used to in order to go to public. Now why is this bad for investors like us? Well, the answer is that today's IPOs have typically already seen their headiest growth, their fastest growth by the time they go public. A new company is likely to see its fastest growth for an investor early on. And today, many investors miss out on that early growth. Now of course, not all firms that did an IPO ended up being successful, but a handful of stocks like IBM, Amazon, Walmart, and Microsoft have driven a large part of the gains in the US stock market for decades. Now with IPOs happening later and later, it's unclear if investors will see those early gains from a handful of future firms that do turn up the all stars. None of this is to say that you shouldn't invest in the stock market. Returns in the market continue to be roughly consistent with historical averages. And besides, other than the stock market, there aren't many good options for investments. But you do want to be aware of these changing market dynamics and what the shrinking stock market means as you think about investing. Consider assembling a portfolio that is diversified and stable rather than trying to bet on a few stocks like new IPOs to show huge growth.

Created by

Indie Writer #1 Machine Learning Newsletter AiSupremacy | Tap the 🔔 on my profile

- [Instructor] To get started investing, you'll need to setup a brokerage account or a stock account. This can be done with one of a number of different firms out there, Morgan Stanley, Charles Schwab, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE and many others. I'm here on Morgan Stanley's web page. Now, groups like Morgan Stanley are what are known as full service brokers. They offer a lot of services and handholding, but it comes at a higher trading cost for most of the trades that you might want to make. So if you buy or sell a stock, you might pay 50, 60, 70 or even $100 to buy or sell that particular stock. If you go to a place like Schwab, you will have cheaper trading costs. Schwab highlights their $4.95 online stock order options, but you're also less likely to have access to the handholding and research that someone like Morgan Stanley offers. Similarly, groups like E*TRADE and TD Ameritrade also offer brokerage services, again, at…

- Now, can we as individual investors use our ability to analyze financial data and economic trends to identify winning and losing stocks? No, the market's just too fast. The market reacts to new information very quickly, in minutes. For example, there are smart people in New York whose job it is to identify all new share-relevant information, load it into supercomputers, and do the data analysis to find mispriced publicly traded stocks. No academic research in accounting or finance has found any reliable evidence for profitable, implementable trading strategies based on publicly available financial statement numbers. By the time you have used your analysis to pick an undervalued stock, it is a week, two weeks, or two months too late. Yes, there are people who are making money buying and selling stocks. Part of this is luck. Even in Las Vegas, some people win. Part of this is business contacts. Experienced analysts are privy to all sorts of industry data that regular people don't see. Well, I often hear people say that Warren Buffett seems to have a pretty good track record of picking winning stocks. Why can't I do the same? Well, you can, if you develop the same business contacts that Warren Buffett has and if you get access to the information from business, government, and media figures that Warren Buffett gets. He sees dozens of potential deals cross his desk every day, and he learns from every one of them and ends up investing in just a handful of big deals each year. To repeat, the market reacts to information just too fast, so that if you don't have some sort of special industry expertise, you aren't going to be able to use your valuation skills fast enough. Let me share with you a stock-picking experience featuring my dear brother. When he was young and foolish, starting in the mid-1990s, he and his wife Ramona conducted a seven-year stock-picking experiment. They started with $2,000 that they had in addition to their regular savings. They rode the internet bubble up to almost $9,000 in their little Stice Speculation Fund and then finally crawled away after the bursting of the bubble with $1,342. So in total, they lost $658, the 1,342 they had at the end minus the 2,000 starting amount. People who are currently doing well in the market boast at parties about their stock-picking prowess. They typically don't tell about all of their picks. Half of them are probably going down. And when they are losing money overall in the market, they don't say anything. When my brother and his wife were riding the market up, they were boasting at parties. Now I realize that any talk I hear about how easy it is to make money in the stock market is coming from a biased sample of people who are currently experiencing a run of luck. They aren't geniuses. They don't have a foolproof system. They're just lucky, for now. To repeat, can we as individual investors use our ability to analyze financial data and economic trends to identify winning and losing stocks? No, the market is just too fast.

- [Instructor] In order to invest effectively, it's important for you to understand basic stock market operations including the hours the stock market is open, pre and post market trading and who the participants are on the exchanges. Now I'm here at CNBC.com. CNBC is a news service that follows stocks all day long. All CNBC does is track what's going on in the stock market and report it on. And we're looking at a screenshot for the S&P 500. The S&P 500 is one of the major indexes that represents the stock market. It's essentially the largest 500 companies in the US stock market. So it's a good barometer for what's going on overall in the market. Now, there's a few things to note. First of all we could look at this chart on a one day basis. And what this shows us is the hours of operation for the stock market. The stock market opens at 9:30 a.m. every weekday, Monday through Friday in the US. Stock trading…

From the course: Economics for Everyone: Understanding a Recession

- One of the most important things people tend to look at when they're worried about recession is the stock market. But the stock market is not the economy. Sometimes, the stock market's a little bit ahead of the economy, sometimes it's a little bit behind, and we could debate which happens more often. But what we generally probably will agree on is that if the economy's in recession, the stock market's likely to be under pressure, stocks are losing money. And if the economy's doing well, stock prices are usually up. Those two things are pretty consistent. Now, the way people talk about the stock market tends to be in two ways, they talk about bear markets and they talk about bull markets. When the economy's in recession, very often, in what's called a bear market. The reason it's called a bear market is because when a bear attacks you, it falls on you, and the stock market goes down. This is different than a bull…

India got freedom in 1947.

But, corporate India got the freedom to do business competitively in 1991.

You must be wondering, why am I reminding these events in an answer for investment in the stock market.

Well, there is a reason. Investing in stocks is investing in businesses. And, if we are going to select our first investment in the Indian stock market - the first thing we need to do is, we should understand our economy and businesses.

Going back to history, before 1991, we had one car - ambassador, one scooter - Bajaj Chetak, one watch - HMT. And a similar status in other sectors. That era was called the license-raj. Companies in the manufacturing industry had to take a license to manufacture.

Not only for limited models but also for the limited number of units.

There is a famous story about Mr. Bajaj. Owner of the Bajaj group at that time. He got sued for manufacturing more units of Chetak than what he was permitted to produce.

There is another famous story about Bajaj Chetak. It is also related to one social evil dowry. It is said that that was the time when the father of a new child used to go to the sweet shop if it's a boy. And, they would rush to the Bajaj showroom to book Chetak scooter if it was a girl. As dowry was a must and waiting for Bajaj Chetak was 18 years+

There might be a little exaggeration in the above scenarios. There might be one or two more brand and the waiting period of Chetak might be lesser. But, it was a license-raj, and we hardly grew in the field of business.

In between 1947-1991, the world was excelling in manufacturing sectors, but we crippled innovation which gets primarily supported by R&D departments of private limited companies.

Anyway, we were on the verge of bankruptcy, and finally, corporate India got liberated by new policies of liberalization and globalization.

(Main reason:- The collapse of the Soviet Union, which was India's major trading partner, and the Gulf War, which caused a spike in oil prices, resulted in a major balance-of-payments crisis for India, which found itself facing the prospect of defaulting on its loans. India asked for a $1.8 billion bailout loan from the (IMF), which in return demanded de-regulation.)

Hard-working Indian, who has not got the opportunity to showcase its talent, was waiting for this to happen. And we grabbed everything which came our way. Bringing excellence in technology and r&d would have taken time, so we jumped into the service sector and became a hub for the outsourcing industry. We made large IT organizations and thousands of BPOs.

Well, with the timeline of 1991, I want to highlight one thing. Today, in 2019, Corporate India is only 28 years old. It has got maturity in very few sectors. Still, a lot has to be in different industries.

In the financial services sector, the capital market is one industry. Yes, the stock market is also called the capital market. As, through the stock market, companies raise capital to finance their business.

In the capital market/stock market, there are a lot of challenges. Stockbrokers who are the backbone of this sector have always faced issues with client acquisition costs and client engagement costs. And to meet this challenged, few of them have done malpractices, and retail investors have suffered losses.

Many promoters and individuals have also used the stock market for their gains in ill fashion. And, our financial system is getting mature day by day. We make policies once an event has happened and given a hit to investors already.

We do have many success stories. Many investors have gained massively in the stock market. But, I am afraid that might be accidental.

Well, in this whole process, one thing is sure, Indians have not got the opportunity to learn about businesses, investment and capital markets from their parents or through the education system.

We were taught almost every subject in school. And we were warned about nearly all kinds of wrongdoings in society by our parents.

But, we got no education about investing in stocks, and we got no warning about the risk involved in investing in the stock market.

Giving one stock tip is easy. But, developing confidence in that company to stay invested in their stock is a process. And this confidence will only come when we have little knowledge.

And, the first investment every Indian should do in the stock market is:-

We should invest time to gain knowledge of the capital/stock market. An understanding of value investing, portfolio management and risk management is a must. Getting aware of the evil practices of the market is equally important.

LinkedIn User

The following post is an answer to a question recently asked in my Quora session: “What are the biggest threats to a company's value?” To read all of my answers, visit the session here.

The biggest threats to a company’s value don’t stem from stock market “irrationality” or “exuberance” but from declines in the company’s performance. Stock markets don’t lead lives of their own or follow emotions rather than reason, as some pundits assert. Over the long term and for most companies, the market value tends to be close to the fundamental value of the cash flows companies are expected to generate.

For evidence, just look are that long-term patterns in market valuation and business performance. Analyses of data over the past 50 to 60 years consistently show that stock markets value companies in accordance with the fundamental value drivers: Businesses and sectors with higher returns on capital are rewarded with higher valuations, and companies with higher growth are valued higher, provided their returns on capital are above their cost of capital. It should be no surprise that companies in sectors such as software, pharmaceuticals and branded consumer goods have high valuations: this is simply because returns on capital there are much higher than for most other sectors. For the same reason, sectors such as oil and gas, basic materials and utilities receive lower valuations.

There is additional evidence from the way investors react to events and news about the future performance of companies. By and large, markets are very good at distinguishing between events that affect a company’s fundamental value and those that do not. Take the example of write-downs of impaired goodwill for underperforming acquisitions. [In the aftermath of the COVID-19 crisis, we will probably see an increase in such write-downs, which can represent a significant reduction of a company’s reported earnings and even drive its earnings into the red.

Markets are very good at distinguishing between events that affect a company’s fundamental value and those that do not

However, that does not affect the company’s cash flows. In most cases, the market already knows that the goodwill is impaired and the share prices of companies likely to experience write-downs already reflect lower expected cash flows before the accounting impairment. Accordingly, when these companies eventually report the write-downs, don’t expect the share price to decline further. The empirical evidence clearly shows that, on average, a company’s stock price does not change when a write-off is announced. Markets see through the earnings decline; what drives a company’s value are its future cash flows, not the acquisition premiums it paid in the past. As such, executives concerned about share price should not worry about write-downs but about the cash flow outlook.

What executives should worry about is the performance of their industry and their company’s performance relative to peers. It’s the job of corporate management to understand potential threats to long-term growth due to changes in underlying customer demand, product substitutes, regulation or technological innovation, to name a few examples, and such shifts appear to be taking place at increasing rates as the life cycles of products shrink.

Further, even when the company’s markets are growing and the outlook is promising, an erosion of a company’s competitive position will destroy value. As the market for smartphones took off around 2010 with phenomenal growth rates, some of the early contenders didn’t provide the kinds of products that customers wanted. Their sales declined even as the market grew and most eventually dropped out of the race altogether. The lesson: the company’s own performance will always be the biggest threat to its stock price.

I’m a core leader of McKinsey and Co.’s Strategy and Corporate Finance practice. To learn more about the impact of coronavirus on a company’s value, check out my book Valuation: Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies, 7th Edition, co-authored with Marc Goedhart and David Wessels.

Measuring and Managing the Value of Companies

The seventh edition of Valuation is a handbook that can help managers, investors, and students understand how to foster corporate health and create value for the future—goals that have never been more timely. Available Now.

Learn More 

From the course: Corporate Finance Foundations

- A stock market, or stock exchange, is just a place, either physical or virtual, where people can come together and trade stocks. For example, the New York Stock Exchange started back in 1792 under a sycamore tree, or a buttonwood tree, in New York on Wall Street, where people who owned stocks, or people who represented those who owned stocks, could get together and trade those stocks, a stock exchange. An example of a virtual exchange is the NASDAQ, which started in 1971 as just a computer system where people could post up the fact I own some stock and I want to sell them, or I want to buy some stock. It was a virtual meeting place. The largest stock market in the world is the New York Stock Exchange. And the second largest stock market in the world is the NASDAQ, which started this trend towards more virtual stock markets. Now here are some unsettling questions to consider. Are stock markets just places for people to…

A lot has been written and said about timing the market.

Well, no one can time the market perfectly. Or, I should say, one should not try to time the stock market. It is almost impossible to time the market.

Whether you ask - “when is the right time to invest” or “when is the right time to sell your investments in the stock market?” - A truthful answer will remain the same. And the answer is no one knows the exact answer to this question.

However, I can give you an approach that will help you decide when and how to start investing in the stock market.

But, before we jump into the approach, let us understand a few basics of the stock market.

These basic points can go endless and I may lose track. :-)

The answer to the real question remains the same. No one can time the market. No one can confidently answer “when is the right time to invest in stock market”

But, you can follow a few pieces of advice as well.

Learn to invest properly with confidence.

Now again, this list of advice can become endless as well.

Let’s get on the answer to the real question:-

The day you start earning, you should start saving. And the day, you start saving, you need to invest the saving wisely. The stock market is a place where you can invest as well. And this is the only right time to invest in the stock market.

And, the day you need money. For your self, your kids, your family, it is the right time to get out of the stock market. The only time you have to sell your investment from the stock market is the time when you need money.

Idea was to tell you the basics, give you a few advice and also to tell you that the stock market is just like another asset. Like your real estate, gold or FD.

When is the right time to buy a house - when you need it? Right? But when do u sell them - never, unless you have an emergency or you want to buy another house? The case is same with FD and gold investment.

The day we will start considering investing in stocks is similar to gold, real estate or FD. No one will look for an answer about timing the stock market.

Visit https://kundankishore.in/ to learn more about the Indian stock market.

- [Instructor] A lot of people think about the stock market as a way for investors to make money. And that's true. But the reason the stock market exists is bigger than that. The stock market helps drive the economy by connecting investors who have money to companies that need to raise money for their business. In the US, companies raise money to invest in their business by selling stock to the general public. They sell that stock through the stock market. Investors buy stock because they get an ownership stake in the company, and then they earn a part of the company's profit. This leads to what we call investment returns, or simply returns. The alternative to a company raising money by selling part of itself to investors is to instead borrow money. Now companies don't go get a bank loan like you or me in most cases. So instead, they often borrow money by selling bonds to investors. Stocks and bonds are alternatives for…

From the course: Managing Your Personal Investments

- One of the hardest things about investing is getting started. And one of the things that stops people getting started is understanding what all the words mean. In this video I'm going to cover the five basic building blocks of investing. I'll start with simple, low risk products and move up the scale to more complex, higher risk products. So let's start with something simple, cash. Cash is the easiest thing to understand, because we use it every day. You can invest in cash equivalents, also known as money market accounts or certificates of deposits, also known as CDs, or T-bills. These pay slightly higher interest rates than your trusty savings account, but you can't move money in and out of them easily like a bank account. For something that has better returns, but more risk, let's look at bonds. Most people are probably familiar with savings bonds. Bonds are also called fixed income instruments. They're essentially a loan you make to a third party for which you get paid interest. There's a vast range of bonds available. They range from essentially risk-free bonds issued by governments, all the way to super risky junk bonds issued by companies. The rule of thumb with bonds is that the higher the risk on the bond, the higher the interest rate you'll be paid. One of the nicest things about bonds is that they're all rated by bond rating services, so you can very easily look up how risky that bond is. The fees on bonds are also generally super low, usually a transaction fee to buy and sell them. The next investment category you can put your money into is stocks. Also known as equities or shares, a stock is literally ownership of a piece of a company. So if you own a common stock of Apple you are an owner of Apple. And as an owner you're eligible to share in the company's profits through dividend payments. You also have shareholder voting rights. And because stocks are traded in public markets, the value of the stock changes. So if you invest in a good company and the value of the stock goes up, you'll be able to sell your shares for more money than you bought them for, giving you a gain on your investment. The cost of holding stocks is just the cost of buying and selling them, usually just a few dollars. Finally, it's important to know that historically US stocks have averaged a real 5% annual rate of return in the 20th century. The next investment category are funds. There are funds that you buy and sell just like a stock on an exchange called ETFs. These are exchange-traded funds. Some are built to match a specific index, like the S&P 500, for example. In fact, for every share of an ETF there exists a basket of stocks of that targeted index. The beauty of an ETF is that they can reflect a specific index. So if you want to match the overall return of the market an ETF's perfect. You won't beat the market, but you certainly won't underperform either. And they are, for the most part, low cost. You have to pay a fee to buy and sell ETFs, just like stocks, but on top of that, you have to pay a fee as a percentage of what you own. For large funds, this can be low, sometimes less than a 10th of a percent, but for smaller, more exotic funds fees can hit 2% or more. But overall ETFs can be a powerfully low cost, low effort way of getting into investing. Mutual funds have traditionally been a very popular way to invest. They operate differently than stocks and ETFs. They're not treated on an exchange, so you have to go directly to mutual fund companies to buy and sell them. The big point of difference to ETFs is that mutual funds are usually actively managed, so they have experts who buy and sell holdings to take advantages of changes in real time. But one of the big problems with mutual funds is they charge a lot of fees, because there's people managing these funds who need to be paid. After their fees have been taken out of your investment it can be quite difficult for you to beat the market. You may also have to pay a sales fee or load. The final area I need to mention is the world of alternative investments. These are annuities, whole life insurance products, private placements, and hedge funds. For people getting started I recommend they stay away from these investments. Most of them have heavy fees or are offered by non-fiduciary standard providers. And many of these products are not liquid, meaning they're difficult to sell. They're difficult investments to understand and manage and often do not provide enough return to cover the cost. For people getting started with investing on their own I recommend getting familiar with stocks, bonds, and ETFs as step one. And for investors working with an advisor, I'd recommend steering away from complicated products, as they usually come with complicated fees, and to make sure your advisor is very clear how much the different investments are costing you.

- [Narrator] If you have any money saved or invested, chances are that you're unsure what you should be doing about your investments. Every day, it seems like you see one headline recommending "don't bail on stocks now," then a few days later, you'll see the complete opposite from another market expert. "Are you ready for the huge coming financial collapse?" Mixed messages like this scare people into making bad decisions with their investments. In this course, you'll learn how to recognize behavioral biases and the investment pitfalls holding back your decision making. We'll help you to understand biases in the stock market and how you should respond to them. I'm doctor Michael McDonald. I'm a professor of finance, a Wall Street veteran and a frequent industry consultant. If you're ready to learn how to use behavioral finance to make yourself a more confident and successful person, then please join me here on LinkedIn Learning.

New investors are entering the stock market thick and fast. Official data shows nearly 10 million investors made their stock market debut in 2020, more than double compared to the year prior. Who’s driving this rush? Millennials. “We have witnessed record demat account opening by millennials in 2020,” Nithin Kamath, founder of Zerodha, told the Economic Times recently. The key enabler is technology, whether it’s opening a demat account or carrying out trades on mobile devices. The share of mobile phone trading in the stock market’s cash segment has risen by 8-12 times in the last five years.

If you ever read my blog on the IESE blog space, Doing Business on the Earth, you already now that I agree with Christiana Figueres, the Costa Rican diplomat who led the negotiations for the Paris Climate Accord signed in 2016. Either the world will shift to a low carbon economy over the next ten years and mitigate or at least slow down the onset of catastrophic climate change or it will not.

If it does, then the transition is an enormous business opportunity and the financial rewards will go to those companies that facilitate it in terms of products, services, and new business models. What we would see in this scenario is rising sales, profits, and share prices for those companies that are involved in this transition and falling results for those which represent the current energy paradigm.

The other scenario is that we waste the next ten years like we have the last twenty. In this case, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has determined that it is very likely that the weather will get significantly worse. This will be experienced by even stronger storms, floods and draughts, more wild fires and increasing desertification and water stress. Eventually, perhaps in the 2030s, the world will wake up to the scale of the problem and the transition will happen anyway but it will cost more money and we will live in a world where adaptation to climate change will be urgent in many parts of the world.

One implication for business if this scenario comes to play is that the market for low carbon energy will take more than ten years to really develop. Another is that it will be sufficient to achieve targets such as becoming target neutral by 2035 or 2040 as General Motors has announced earlier this year.

As I wrote in a post last week concerning electric vehicles, looking at sales and the market share of electric cars might not show the deeper transition which may be going on in the larger ecosystem of the car business or what is called the socio-techincal regime around personal transportation.

Another way would be to look at what is going on in the world of finance and specifically amongst stock market investors. In theory, the investment community is already thinking about the medium term. There are a number of examples.

[caption id="attachment_5420" align="alignright" width="276"] Tesla share price[/caption]

The first and foremost, of course is Tesla Motors. Today Tesla is trading at just over $ 650 per share which gives it a total value on the order of $ 628.6 Billion. The company sold around 500,000 cars in 2020 and made a profit than to re-selling carbon credits to other carmakers. Now weather you consider Tesla a car company which makes makes its own batteries or a battery company that also makes cars, the value that the market gives the company is incredible.

Just to put this in perspective, General Motors share price has increased a bit since its announcement on EV's but is currently below $60 per share. This gives the company a value of $86.2 billion or about 14% of tesla's. Last year GM sold something like 6.8 million cars and light trucks including its two joint ventures in China.

Another leading indicator which might change is oil company stocks. An indicator is the Dow Jones Oil and gas index which fell from a high of 6,000 in 2018, collapsed to below 2,000 in March 2020 and is currently hovering around 4.000. Exxon Mobile, for example had sales of $181 billion in 2020 and is currently trading just below $ 60 per share. This gives it a market capitalisation of $ 239.2 Billion.

You can contrast this with Schneider Electric, a company that is deeply committed to the energy transition and was named the most sustainable company in the world by Corporate Knights, a dedicated media outlet on the link between business and sustainability. In 2020, Schneider had total sales of just under $ 30 billion or less than one sixth of Exxon Mobile's. At over $ 120 per share, however Schneider's  market valuation is $ 72 billion or just under one third that of Exxon Mobil.

By the way, if you are interested in learning more about the energy transition, the IESE student run Energy Club is holding its annual Energy Day later this week and features Schneider's Chief Innovation Officer Emmanuel Lagarrigue as the key note speaker. The event is free of charge and you can register for the it here.

From the course: Excel PivotTables: Real-World Case Studies

- [Instructor] All right, our next case study is using stock market data. And we have a pretty simple dataset to work with here. It's a three month sample with stock market data for about 500 different publicly traded companies. And looking at the screenshot to the right here, we've got 29,440 observations with just a few simple dimensions and measures. So the only dimensions that we'll work with here are date and symbol. And then for measures, pretty standard financial stock market measures. We've got the open price, high and low prices for today, the close price and the trading volume. And the concepts that we'll cover in this kickoff include some basic sorting and filtering. I'll really focus on conditional formatting here, to really use visualizations to tell a story. We'll practice highlight cell rules, we'll do some really cool demos with data bars and then we'll wrap up with some value settings, like percent difference from, which is a great tool to show day-over-day gains and…

The stock market prediction has been an active area of research for quite a while. However, building a model that takes into consideration every factor is still a challenging problem. Apart from historical prices, the current stock market is affected by news articles about the company, general news and many other micro economic and macroeconomic factors. There are several models out there to predict the stocks based on general news elements or historical prices but not many have taken into consideration all company specific news or all of these factors together.

In this project we aim to see how taking company specific news can help predict stock prices.

Our data collection was split into 3 major chunks. The first was to get the Stock information for the various companies. The second was to collect company specific news data for the companies that we were analyzing and the 3rd was to get the common news data that included politics, environment, economics etc.

1 ) Stock Data

The stock market data was collected by calling the Yahoo finance API and collecting the stock data for the 30 companies currently a part of the DJIA index. We collected the data from 2006 to 2016. The data collected included the opening price, closing price, the high and low values for that particular day.

2 ) Company News Data

The company wise news data was taken off the NYTimes website using a script to generate multiple API calls for company wise data across the years of 2006 - 2016.

The attributes that were a part of the dataset are -

1) Created Time

2) Snippet

3) Headline

4) Company Name

5) News - Desk ( What kind of news was this -Business, Entertainment, Tech .. etc.)

3) General News Data

The general news data was got from a ready to use dataset found on Kaggle. This data contained news data collected off of Reddit for the top 25 news headlines for each day across multiple years.

Once we had collected the data we had top pre-process the 3 datasets and put them together to allow us to use it to analyze the influence of the news data on the stock prices.

From the news data we were looking to understand what the sentiment of the news for that particular day was. To do we this we combined the news across the same day into a single section and took the overall sentiment for that section and allocated that sentiment to the day. We did this for both the company wise data as well as the common news data.

This way our dataset for each day from 2006 to 2016 had the stock data, and two sentiment scores. For each day the target value then became the next day's stock value.

Figures: Change in stock values of the companies across the years.

Figure: The red line shows the sentiment score and the blue line shows the stock values for the given day. We see in some places how a change in the sentiment score on a given data affects the stock prices.

Now coming to analysis whether our sentiment values affect our stock values by a huge amount. We considered different prediction algorithms initially and then finally settled on Recurrent Neural Networks and also an LSTM(Long Short Term Memory) algorithm, which is a special subset of a recurrent neural network. The reason being, the other algorithms we considered did not account well enough for the time series nature of our data.(As a part of our coursework and guidelines we were required not to perform time-series manipulations on the data).

The LSTM algorithm required us to manipulate the data into a 3D array to be modeled. After performing this data manipulation, we went ahead and generated predictions with a different combination of our input variables. With some including the sentiment scores and some not. Post this we performed a comparison of the two results.

Recurrent Neural Network - Only Stock Value and Volume.

Mean absolute Error of 1.28.

Recurrent Neural Network - Stock Value, Volume and Sentiment of common news.

Mean absolute Error of 1.56.

Recurrent Neural Network - Only Sentiment columns

Mean Absolute Error of 5.78

Recurrent Neural Network - All columns

Mean Absolute Error of 1.0002.

Recurrent Neural Network - LSTM (All columns)

Mean Absolute Error of 0.45

We noticed that although not significant, the sentiment columns when added into the mix definitely help increase the accuracy of the model. However, give that we have not performed all the pre-processing that is required for a time-series data set, there is a lot of improvement that needs to be made to generate more accurate results and understandings from our dataset.

To get access to the code and the official project report, visit our GitHub link for the project:

The second edition of so-called League of Stock Market Stars, held by Securities and Exchange Organization of Iran, started on 7 July, with Deputy of Supervision of Financial Institutions Saeed Fallahpour, and Deputy for Executive Affairs Mostafa Razavi in attendance.

The event has been organized with the aim of elevating financial literacy, grooming finance elites, promoting entrepreneurship as well as connecting domestic universities to the stock markets.

“Finance students are supposed to become familiar with and active in the capital market in their early years and this event may act as a platform for them to be practically trained,” said Fallahpour.

According to the officials, 15 of the participants were recruited last year by different financial institutions immediately after the event.

Unlike last year that only hosted universities from Tehran Province, this year's competition is hosting 30 universities from all over Iran. Each team comprised of five members, under a single university flag, is led by a leader who must be a financial expert with capital market background or finance-related PhD student.

The participants can keep any gained profit, and the losses will be covered by the sponsors. However, a team will be removed from the tournament if their portfolio loses 25% of their initial credit. The first three teams will be awarded 250, 150 and 100 million rials respectively. Bank Ayandeh Brokerage Firm and Novin Investment bank sponsored the event and allocated the initial credit to each team.

There are adjustments to spice up the competition, e.g. almost all trading instruments are permissible, even trading on companies registered in Iran Fara Bourse's base market as well as derivatives. The event’s duration is also doubled to two months and each team is given five million rials worth of credit to trade with – five times more than last year.

The trades are real time, so traders are obliged to comply with all rules and regulations. Moreover, a referee committee comprised of representatives from IFB, Tehran Stock Exchange, SEO, and the sponsors, headed by the Surveillance Department of the SEO, will monitor and scrutinize trading strategies. The teams are not simply allowed to employ speculative strategies.

The details and a complete set of rules for the event can be found on its designated website at starleague.ir.

Investing in stock markets is a high risk, high reward business. While the majority of small investors lose money in the stock markets in India, a small percentage of investors have managed to create massive wealth from stock markets.

So what is the reason why only a tiny percentage of retail investors are successful in Indian stock markets?

The key here is the behaviour of the stock market investor. Psychology is the study of the mind, how it works, and how it might affect behaviour. Psychology is a big part of the stock market investment and if well understood, can help prevent financial setbacks.

Behavioural finance has managed to bridge the gap between theory and practice by scientifically recording human behaviour.

“Winners think differently. It’s not how much you know, even though knowledge is essential. It’s not how hard you work, even though nothing worthwhile is achieved without hard work. The real difference lies in the way winners think”-Colin Nicholson, Author of Building Wealth in the Stock Market.

Let’s take a look at different types of investors in the stock markets in India

Active stock market investors use an investment strategy which involves continuous buying and selling activity. They usually dismiss long-term trends and focus on short-term profits

Passive stock market investors use buy-and-hold strategy for the long term and do not seek to profit from short-term price variations or market timing.

Emotional stock market investors are the ones who tend to hold on to a stock forever, irrespective of factors which negatively impact the stock and make it less favourable as compared to its peers.

Copycat stock market Investors tend to ape stock portfolios of expert/star investors in the hope of mimicking their returns without understanding the reason behind it. While it does look simple in theory, in reality, it is often much harder as copycat investing in stocks of successful investors has its own set of risks that most people don’t understand. Know more about the perils of copycat investing.

Investing psychology is very important when investing in the stock markets in India. Behavioural finance can help you to prevent terrible investment mistakes. Investing mistakes can be costly and deliver losses, even if the stock market performs well or is in a bull run phase.

Different investors have different mindsets. In broader terms, they can be classified into ‘Optimists’ and ‘Pessimists’. Optimism fuels a bull run in the stock market, whereas pessimism leads to a bear market.

When the stock market is in a bull phase, stock market investors become greedy after observing that Rs. 50 share has rallied to Rs. 100. Now they start to buy, and the shares price touches Rs. 150 making it overpriced. In a correction phase, when the stock price comes down to 80/-, stock market investors see a sharp fall. Pessimism starts to surround them, which leads to fear and begin booking a loss.

In this case, investors who entered the stock at Rs.100 (higher price) and sold it at Rs.80 (lower price) suffer a loss of Rs.20 per share. Some stock market investors wait further and fall in the loser’s trap.

When the stock further falls to Rs.50, stock market investors are in a dilemma whether to exit entirely by booking massive loss or wait for a bounce back to an exit. If the stock market investor exits at Rs.50/- he ends up losing 50% of his capital invested. Such situations are common among most stock market investors who follow the herd mentality.

The basic rule for success in stock markets in India or anywhere in the world is to buy at a low price and sell at a high price. Even though this looks pretty simple most stock market investors make mistakes while following this rule. On the contrary, they purchase stocks at high prices and to sell them off when the prices are down making losses and end up blaming stock markets.

Your psychology determines your success or failure in stock markets.

Have you heard of legendary investors such as Warren Buffet, Benjamin Graham, Mark Mobius, George Soros, Peter Lynch and John Templeton? Unusual psychological traits, including the ability to think differently from others, has made them one of the wealthiest persons in the world.

If you follow the herd mentality and do what majority of the small investors do in stock markets, you may make some modest gains in the short term, but incur huge losses over the long term. However, if you want to be successful in stock markets, you must think and act like successful investors in the market.

It requires is a change in your attitude and a clear vision. Just ignore the short term ups and downs of the stock markets in India. Think long term and think big. Invest in quality stocks and let your money work for you. Click here to know more.

This story was originally published by team Research & Ranking

A difficult session was expected in the New York Stock Exchange, and it actually was. During Tuesdays session, the main stocks suffered losses of different degrees. However, most of them managed to reverse part of them by the end of the trading session.

The U.S. dollar gained strength on practically all pairs, with a great advantage against the euro, which fell sharply as soon as the American session began, maintaining a bearish profile in the early hours of todays session.

The pound, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar, with the latter two linked to commodities, did not change as much, and the pound even made some gains, going against the euro. This is an unusual situation, which is worth noting, with EUR/GBP now looking for two-year lows at 0.8280.

Being close to the Fed's monetary policy meeting, which will not be decisive but might still keep the doors open for them to be taken in March, together with the expansion of the pandemic, which still continues to grow practically in the whole world, determined an unstable mood in the markets. This scenario, which led to a drop in stocks, resulted in a search for refuge in the U.S. dollar.

Turning on to Gold, which usually acts in a similar condition as the yen, this time remained on the side-lines, and continues to sail without a very clear direction below 1830 dollars, a level that must be surpassed to aspire to more important gains.

With regards to the inflation data from the United Kingdom was decisive early today and as in the United States, they leave no room for maneuver for the Bank of England, which must continue to raise interest rates at its next meetings. While these rate hikes are not significant, they are a sign that the central bank is focusing on resolving the inflation issue in the coming months. This could also suggest that we might see similar movements in Europe shortly.

Having said this, it will be convenient, in the times to come, to look for bullish positions in European currencies. These, beyond certain one-off corrections, will benefit from the actions taken by the ECB and the BoE, which will have to raise their respective interest rates, and minimize and directly eliminate their stimulus plans.

Finally, yesterday, the rise in Treasury bond yields caused stocks to fall sharply. It remains to be seen if this will be reversed later this week.

The global stock surge since March’s bottom confounds investors and pundits who envision the market as disconnected from reality. No, it is they that are disconnected—from how the market actually works.

How could stocks be back near record highs if so many bad things are happening in so many ways? Like America’s coronavirus spike and impending lockdowns? And unemployment, which remains painfully high?

No, those who don’t understand the new bull market simply don’t understand markets. They suffer from the “Pessimism of Disbelief,” a concept I’ve described for decades, including in my most recent LinkedIn column. They are being myopically focused on short-term present problems everyone already knows about.

To explain this, it’s important to understand how typical bear markets work. Then we’ll discuss how the market behaved recently.

The archetypal bear market

As I wrote about in the 1980s, bear markets usually begin with slow, gentle declines. Most investors view these gradual declines as opportunities to ‘buy the dip,’ thinking stocks will rebound past prior highs. This encourages the last greater fools to invest more money. It’s the Great Humiliator hard at work, a concept I’ve also detailed for decades.

After slowly and long grinding lower in spurts, things start to change. On average, roughly two-thirds of a bear market’s total percentage decline occurs in the last one-third of its duration. That latter phase is when stocks typically start panically plunging. Everyone recognizes panic when it smacks them on the schnozzola.

What they don’t recognize is this: markets pre-price all widely known information, usually between three and 30 months into the future. That is the market’s day job. At the panic point of a bear market, the market shifts all focus onto the short end of that time range and prices in what the future looks like in a few months time when the economy is uber ugly. But, the market can only do that for so long. That is because its night job is valuing the market by discounting the future flow of long-term earnings back to the present, of which the present isn’t very important relative to that longer term flow—particularly at low interest rates. So, it soon starts to shift to the very far end of that three to 30 month range. It starts to price what things will look like roughly 24-30 months into the future and doesn’t care one whit about what is going to happen in the here and now or very soon thereafter. All the stuff that people tie their knickers in a knot about now, in the eyes of the market, is ancient history. It does this every darned cycle and if you can’t see that in history you have my condolences.

In parallel, and for the same basic and fundamental reason, the stock market has always been a leading indicator. It goes down before the economy goes down and it goes up while the economy is still going down—and going down badly. Always has, always will on that back end part.

The stock market is not disconnected from reality. It’s laser focused on the reality of what the world will look like in 24-30 months from now.

Take the 2008 financial crisis, when we saw a normal bear market -- unlike the abnormal one this March. The economy continued to worsen throughout 2009 and into 2010, yet stocks skyrocketed in 2009 and 2010. That’s because in 2009, the stock market was to that far end of its range, pre-pricing that far distant future—knowing the present value of the future earnings dwarfed anything that happened in 2009 It knew that by 2011, the economy would be well along toward a great future. A strong year in the stock market when the economy was weak is the disconnect that people can’t seem to accept. Again, condolences where due.

The bear market of 2020

What was different in this year’s bear market is that we didn’t have a normal recession tied to business features that could be preceded by that long, slow, grinding first two-thirds of a bear market’s duration dropping merely one-third of its percentage.

Instead, we had a government clampdown all around the world to deal with the risk of coronavirus overwhelming the hospital systems. As governments shut the economy down, the market had to pre-price this super-duper fast. In doing so, it moved to the very, very, very short end of that three to 30 month time frame. This time around, it may have even been shorter than three months - maybe one and a half months. No one can know for sure. But we do know that it was the fastest drop to official bear market territory in measured history—16 trading days.

With that, the plunging panicky part of the bear market came effectively immediately. Officially, a bear market is when the broad market falls at least 20% from its most recent peak. In just weeks, from late February to late March, the S&P 500 fell 34%.

I’ll say it again: the market can’t focus on the short end of that three to 30 month range for very long. It never has been able to in any bear market ever. Once you get to the panicky stage of a bear market, the market wants to start pricing in that far distant future pretty darned soon.

The market starts to pre-price what the real value of companies and businesses will be in the future. Because somebody will own these companies. Stopping short of bankruptcy, the ownership of these companies is a long-term thing. Again, in the long-term the market values companies based on the present value of its discounted future earnings. Discounted future earnings don’t have much of anything to do with anything any time any too soon. It’s a longer-term function and the market knows that—better than pundits seem to. Or, as the old Arabic statement slightly restated would say, “The dogs bark and the bull market moves on.” Rationally, people know this too - they just can’t believe it when prices are collapsing.

Towards late March, the market started shifting to the longer end of the three to 30 month range. That’s why stocks are now currently back near all-time record highs.

If you look at what life will look like in roughly 30 months from now, we will likely either have a vaccine or herd immunity and the coronavirus will be largely history, albeit an important part of history. Sure, some parts of the economy won’t come back. But that happens after every recession. Some companies get left in the dust and rubbish. Others will start the next, new great thing. That’s what capitalism is supposed to be all about.

During recessions, most firm’s earnings fall. That decreases the value of its future earnings, which is what the market cares about. Afterwards, a company will do things to make itself better, which increase the future earnings. Like exercise building your muscles!

If you look at America’s 20 largest stocks, they look little like the 20 largest ones when I started in the investment world in 1972–by name or function.

In a sense, business problems build herd immunity for the economy, with innovation fueling that immunity. There is almost no one now not concerned about developing great future technology to accomplish their business purposes. Capitalism innovates - in product, service and management techniques. It improves profitability for the future by overcoming problems that it encounters en route.

Understanding today’s stock market

Figuring what the market will do is heavily about figuring out what part of the three to 30 month timeframe the market is pre-pricing right now. If you can do that, you have the market figured out cold. But doing that, most of the time, is non-trivial. It’s hard. It’s perilous. Ironically, once real panicky plunges hit, it’s easy, which is just when folks have the hardest time doing it because they think stocks are disconnected from reality when, in fact, it is they that are disconnected from the reality of how the market works.

Most people are ever too preoccupied myopically and parsing what is here and now and very soon ahead. The market doesn’t focus on that very short-term very often and when it does not for very long. Most of the time it just uses it for noise and volatility. But the volatility tries to shake people away from the new bull market. Your goal is always to engage The Great Humiliator without ending up humiliated by it.

Ken Fisher is founder and executive chairman of Fisher Investments. Follow him on Twitter @KennethLFisher.

Investing in securities involves a risk of loss. Past performance is never a guarantee of future returns. The foregoing is for general informational purposes and should not be regarded as personalized investment advice. Nothing herein is intended to be a recommendation or a forecast of market conditions. Rather it is intended to illustrate a point. Current and future markets may differ significantly from those illustrated here. Not all past forecasts were, nor future forecasts may be, as accurate as those predicted herein.

Quantum Mechanics: Copenhagen Interpretation and Schrödinger’s Cat

The Copenhagen interpretation, posed in 1920, says that a quantum particle doesn't naturally exist in one state or another, but in all possible states simultaneously (coherent superposition of probabilistic wave functions). But when it's observed or measured, probability wave function collapses and the particle is forced to become a single one of those iterations (classical state). 

Austrian Physicist, Erwin Schrödinger wasn’t in favor of this interpretation. He pointed out that if microscopic objects such as atoms could be in strange superpositions, so could macroscopic objects, because they are made of atoms. As an example, Schrödinger offered the famous thought experiment in which a cat is placed in an enclosed box with a nasty device set to trigger by a decay of a single radioactive atom. If activated, device kills the cat. Because the radioactive atom exists as a superposition decayed and not decayed it produces the bizarre cat that is both dead and alive simultaneously until the box is opened and the cat is observed to be either dead or alive.

We are witnessing this Bizarre situation played out in financial markets currently. Stock markets are rallying while economic indicators have turned bad to worse.

Economic Indicators paint a gloomy picture

As per ISM report on May 1, 2020, U.S. economic activity in the manufacturing sector contracted in April, and the overall economy contracted after 131 consecutive months of expansion. The Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) declined to 41.5 in April from 49.1 in March and 50.1 in February 2020.

University of Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index dropped to 71.0 in April (lowest level since Sep 2012), a drop of 18.1 points compared to March and a drop of 30 points compared to February 2020.

As industries continue to be impacted by Covid-19, banks and economists are slashing GDP forecasts.

As pointed out by WSJ, analysts forecasting results for individual companies expect S&P 500 profits to decline 18% in 2020, according to FactSet, a stark contrast from their estimates of +9.2% growth in the beginning of the year.  Estimate has continued to decline as Q1’20 earnings are reported by more and more companies. About 45% of S&P 500 constituents are yet to report Q1’20 earnings.

Stocks Have Rallied Fast and Furious

Despite this gloomy economic outlook, stocks have rallied since March lows. As of May 1, 2020, S&P 500 was about 27% up from its March low. As per data published by FactSet, the 12-month forward P/E for S&P is at 20.3x, which is above the 5-year average and above the 10-year average. This week also marked the first time it is 20x or higher since April 2002.

Implied volatility index VIX has more than halved since its record high levels of 82.69 on March 16, 2020. Prior to this VIX had crossed 80 for the first time during Global Financial Crisis.

Shut Up and Calculate!

Physicists such as Paul Dirac, Richard Feynman and David Mermin subscribed to the instrumentalist interpretation of quantum mechanics and abstained from debate around theories of interpretation. For them quantum mechanics was a useful tool to answer many unanswered questions in modern physics. David Mermin even coined a term for this approach: “Shut up and calculate!” 

Similarly, investors participating in the current stock market rally seem to have chosen to ignore the paradox of weak economy and strong markets. This could be due to following reasons:

Fate of Schrödinger’s Cat

As the state governments move towards lifting lockdowns, Schrödinger’s box can open any time and it doesn’t bode well for the poor cat. (reminder to feline lovers: this is a thought experiment.) There are many reasons to believe that currently market seems overly optimistic about smooth and fast economic recovery:

Conclusion: Stock market is at an unsustainable level and corrections are likely soon.

My Background: I have over 10 years of experience in investments and corporate finance at financial institutions such as D.E. Shaw, S&P and American Express and internal corporate treasury experience at Estee Lauder. I hold an MBA from NYU Stern, a B.S. from IIT Madras.

Disclaimer: This article presents my analysis of current events. It does not represent views of my current or past employers.

Is the stock market close to peaking? This is the question one should be thinking about. The reason is that many of the companies are commanding crazy valuations – the kind normally associated with the peaking time of the bull market. Just look at the valuation at which Flipkart was bought by Walmart. Valued at $12 billion only last year, a 77 per cent stake in Flipkart is being bought by Walmart for $16 billion, which works out to a valuation of $21 billion. The US market, where Walmart is listed, did not give its thumbs up to the deal, because the stock price had taken a beating the day it was announced, which took off $10 billion from its $260 billion market cap. The big concern for Walmart’s investor is that it is paying too high a price for the stock it is buying.

It’s estimated that India’s e-commerce market is in the region of $25 billion. The price Walmart is paying for Flipkart suggests that it may have paid so much not only to scale up Indian operations, but also to block Amazon from becoming a larger player in India.

But the high valuation commanded by Flipkart is not an exception. There are enough examples available in the listed space too, where companies are commanding excessive valuations. The Avenue Supermarts (D’ Mart), which is commanding a P/E of 119 times based on trailing 12 months’ earnings.  The company’s net profit is growing at handsome pace – 62 per cent last year. But can it sustain this kind of growth in coming years, with the base expanding? Also, the P/E ratio is arrived at after accounting for 62 per cent growth in earnings. Avenue Supermarts’ market cap is almost equal to the combined market cap of Colgate, Marico and Emami. There are several research analysts and fund managers, who justify the high valuation of Avenue Supermarts. Normally, this kind of justification is forthcoming only during a peak in the bull market.

Another listed player, Jubilant Foodworks, commands a P/E of 78 times, despite which many investors find it a good buy. This is notwithstanding the fact that the government is thinking of putting restrictions to discourage foods which are not perceived to be healthy.

Similar is the case with certain private sector banks and NBFCs. Bajaj Finance, which has filled the investors’ coffers substantially during the last few years, is an instance in point. In the process, the company’s price to book value too has gone up 10 times, making it one of the costliest NBFC shares in the world. Today, it’s commanding a market cap of Rs 1.23 lakh crore – higher than Yes Bank and IndusInd Bank. Put against other leading NBFCs, Bajaj Finance’s market cap measures equal to the combined market caps of M&M Finance, Edelweiss, L&T Finance and Shriram Transport Finance. It does give the feeling that the stock price is running ahead of fundamentals.

One may justify high valuations if macros are improving. But that’s not the case here. India is in the throes of a double crisis now – not only are the crude oil prices moving up, but the rupee too has started depreciating against the dollar. During the last three months, the crude oil price has moved up from $65 per barrel to $79 per barrel, while the rupee has declined from Rs65 to Rs68.50 to a dollar. The fiscal deficit is likely to touch four years’ high. The latest IIP numbers are at a four month low. Also, the 10 year India government bond has moved up from 6.67 per cent to 7.90 per cent in the last one year. And, the RBI is likely to push the interest rate up, impacting margins of India Inc.

Globally, the shadow of a federal rate hike looms large. FPIs too are not gung-ho about India’s equity market, as they have been constant sellers during the last few months. And, the domestic inflow, which was strong due to the retail investors’ fancy, seems to move in the slow lane now, as the investors have concerns about the recent volatility. The excess domestic liquidity that is driving the market up is likely to face headwinds in the coming months. With the election calendar heavy for the next 12 months, the market is likely to feel the heat.

While frontline stocks are at a decent level, giving a feel of the overall market, there is some erosion in midcaps and small caps. One of the star portfolio fund managers, who is known for his small and micro cap picks, admits that, in the recent past, his calls have gone haywire. Looking at the present scenario, it has all the ingredients to show that the market is peaking out. The only good sign this time is that, unlike in the past rallies, stock indices are not moving up too high or too fast – which means that the corrections would not be deep. But the pain is likely to be there; be ready for that!

 

In the first article we have seen the scary stock market predictions done by linear regression model. The linear regression predicted that the stock market will not grow in next ten years. Year on year returns from the stock market will be near zero in next ten years. These somewhat non digestible predictions came because we tried to fit the stock market in a first degree polynomial equation i.e. a straight line. As we know the growth of a stock market is never linear like a line, hence, we should not use first degree linear equations here. We need higher order polynomial equations.

In statistics, polynomial regression is a form of regression analysis in which the relationship between the independent variable x and the dependent variable y is modelled as an nth degree polynomial in x. Polynomial regression fits a nonlinear relationship between the value of x and the corresponding conditional mean of y, denoted E(y |x), and has been used to describe nonlinear phenomena such as the growth rate of tissues, the distribution of carbon isotopes in lake sediments, and the progression of disease epidemics.

Here, I have used a polynomial equation of degree five as a mathematical model.  Let's see, how does it perform and what are its predictions. The equation of degree five is like this,  y = c0 + c1.x**1 + c2.x**2+....+ c5.x**5

The first thing we need is the historical data. We can download it from https://www.bseindia.com/indices/IndexArchiveData.html . I have downloaded the data from year 1989 to the current date. The downloaded data sheet has total five columns;  Date, Open, High, Low and Close. For simplicity we are deleting three columns Open, High and Low from the data sheet and keep only Date and Close columns.  

Following  is the complete python code. The code is commented enough to explain each and every aspect of this problem. Copy paste it on your python IDE and run it to see the predictions in graphical format.

What does this above image tell us?

X-axis of the graph shows the dates from year 1989 to year 2029 and the Y-axis shows the market closing price.

The graph in the blue color displays the close price history from year 1989 to year 2019. The graph in the red represents the best fit polynomial equation of degree five for the market data. The graph in the green is the future predictions.

What are the predictions ?

Prediction graph analysis:

Curves have always been smarter objects on this planet. Here also they are showing some degree of smartness.  In this exercise we have moved little bit closer to the reality. If you look at the graph; you can see now the red line is turning with the market numbers. It is not as straight as it was with the linear regression.  However, the overall picture predicted by fifth order polynomial equation is also gloomy, only 4% CAGR from the market in next ten years is still horrible.  

Can we rely on these numbers? Are regression techniques capable to solve this problem or do we need someone better?  Like a prophet to do time series prophecies. I mean the Prophet!!  Yes, the Prophet is coming in my next article to do better predictions. Till then happy predicting.....

References:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polynomial_regression

Whenever people ask me what my favorite TV show was as a kid, I pause to decide whether to reveal my secret shame or not. While I loved cartoons and still remember the theme song to "The Golden Girls," what I was addicted to at ten years old was CNBC. I loved hearing the anchors' over-the-top voices and feeling the drama of the bulls and bears fighting it out.

Thank goodness I got over that phase because watching CNBC as an adult isn't always fun. The last few months, in particular, for technology stocks have been a bit less relaxing than watching Betty White (may she rest in peace) hang out with her friends from back in the day. 

But even though the stock market may be on an uncertain trajectory, it turns out one of the key metrics driving valuations in SaaS stocks remains the same: Net Revenue Retention (NRR).

A little refresher in case you are new here. Net Revenue Retention or NRR is a metric that measures how much your existing customers are growing. You take the total recurring revenue for a set of clients at the end of a period (e.g., a year) and divide it by the same recurring revenue for those clients at the beginning of the period. Whether it's more users or additional features, it considers the amount a given company's customer base is growing. If you had ten customers and one churned, but the other nine doubled their spending, then the NRR would be 180%.

NRR has been the primary focus of the Sales and Customer Success teams for years. The Sales team goes out and gets you new customers and hopefully expands your current customers. The Customer Success team ensures that those customers are receiving their desired outcomes and getting value from your product. And then when the renewal is due, either Sales or Customer Success (depending on who owns the renewal cycle and how your org is structured) secure that renewal, upsell, and cross-sell opportunity. 

However, it's no secret that other teams like Product, Marketing, Support, and your entire company should also own NRR. Marketing drives NRR through communicating customer value, finding advocates, and enhancing engagement. Product drives NRR by delivering and solving customer pain points and challenges. Ultimately, your entire company needs to own NRR.

Latane Conant, CMO at 6sense, wrote a blog about how Marketing teams should be obsessed over NRR. In addition to customer acquisition, teams need to be driving customer marketing with customer programs such as networking and user groups, creating use cases to drive adoption in areas that some customers might know of, and helping CSMs engage with key decision-makers to make sure they are aware of those programs and use cases. 

We analyzed the data from Clouded Judgement that reports Net Retention metrics to understand their relationship with revenue multiples* (EV / NTM Revenue).

The results below indicate a clear positive relationship between a company's NRR and EV / NTM Revenue ratio. The regression coefficient of 0.63% suggests that each percentage point increase in NRR is associated with a ~0.63x change in a company's revenue multiple.

This relationship appears throughout the dataset. For example, the companies in the top half of the NRR distribution show an average EV / Revenue multiple of ~21x, while those in the bottom half show only ~10x. 

NRR is the next stepping stone in the growth of companies. And NRR isn't just owned by one team - it's the entire company from Sales to Customer Success to Marketing to Product. A few years ago, you would have been hard-pressed to find those three letters in the annual reports of publicly traded SaaS companies. Now, you find that ~70% of public cloud companies are adding in their NRR rates to their SEC filings. NRR is here, and Wall Street is taking notice. That is good news for us, especially if you're stuck still trying to figure out how much your dividends will payout.

Notes:

*EV / NTM multiple data was pulled from Clouded Judgement on Jan 28, 2022; Net retention data is based on the latest company filings as of Jan 31, 2022, using data listed either as net retention rate or net dollar expansion rate.

Experts feel India’s stock market rally still has some upside left. Here’s what’s driving this optimism.

Many investors shun equity completely to avoid risk. All who do so run the risk of having their returns eaten up almost entirely by inflation. Equity investment does come with risk, with high short-term volatility, but no one should invest in the stock market for the short-term and no one has good knowledge on stock market risk & returns. It’s a long-term investment that can deliver sizable returns, greater than even property while offering high liquidity. The two most common ways to invest in equity is through the stock market and through mutual funds. Let’s understand which one you’re more suited to.

You can make lots of money investing in the stock market. Ask anyone who invested in Infosys in the early ’90s or Reliance in the ’80s. There’s so much money to be made that a salaried professional would wonder why he doesn’t give up the 9-to-5 and just invest in equity. But there’s a catch, of course. Stock market investment takes skill, effort, and time, failing which, you could end up losing a lot of money.

Traders vs investors: People who invest in the stock market can be divided into two types: traders and investors. Traders seek to make a profit from the difference between today’s and tomorrow’s prices. This takes special skills and is also time-consuming and risky. An investor, on the other hand, does away with short-term fluctuations by staying invested for the long term.

While trading is surely not for most people, a long-term investment can be considered by those willing to put in the time and effort it takes to study companies’ fundamentals and technical indicators of growth. As you’re doing it all on your own, you keep the gains entirely (minus what you pay a broker, for a Demat account, or in tax, if any).

Mutual funds offer most of the gains of the stock market — at a small price. Instead of learning about the market and the following sectors/companies, you simply pay professional investors to grow your money. You continue with your life and job while your money grows along with the market. The money you invest is pooled along with the funds of millions of others like you to create a fund (hence, mutual fund).

If you’re the type of investor who doesn’t like a risk but understands the risk inherent in safer investments, equity mutual funds are a good way to get going with this asset class. For a small fee, your money is managed and growing.

Diversification: Moreover, mutual funds allow diversification within the stock market. Whereas you’re risking your money on one particular company when you buy shares, a mutual fund is a pooled investment. One mutual fund will have investments in several stocks. So if one company has a poor quarter or gets bad PR over a year, your money is not fully exposed to it. For example, when Satyam’s stock crashed, their shareholders would have lost a lot, whereas mutual fund investors would not lose much less.

To put it succinctly, therefore, stock market investment is for those with an understanding of the markets and the time to keep track of how a company is performing. Mutual fund investment requires less specialized knowledge and involves less effort.

Since you’re wondering whether you should invest in mutual funds or the stock market, we’ll assume you’re new to equities altogether. In case you’re still wondering about the stock market risk & returns, here you should know about some benefits of mutual funds.

Tax benefits: Equities are the most effective instruments from the perspective of taxation. Dividends are exempt from tax. Dividend Distribution Tax is not applicable. There is no capital gains tax if held for a period of one year. Even short-term capital gain is subject to a flat rate of 15%. The rules are the same irrespective of direct investment in equity or through mutual funds.

Beats inflation: The good part of investing in equities is that they give inflation-beating returns (on a conservative basis) over the long term. The guy who is running the grocery store may be making more money than the young software professional. That is because the returns are much higher in business. In most cases, even if the investment is made at high valuations, but in good stocks, the investor earns a decent return over the long run. On the other hand, your average FD offers returns that leave you worse off after tax. This may be a bigger risk than the risk involved in equity investment.

No interest rate reduction risks: Sure, equity has its own risks, but mostly over the short term. On the other hand, with non-equity investments, you run the risk of interest rate reduction. Economists tend to reduce interest rates so that businesses can flourish. Have you realized, though, that all your fixed income instruments, such as post office savings schemes, fixed deposits, and bonds all have lower yields as a result? And if your FD matures when interest rates are at 5-6%, your money doesn’t even keep pace with inflation. Equity mutual funds may give poor returns over a couple of quarters, but over the long term, you’re very likely to see double-digit returns.

The most disturbing reason for investing in equity is investor desire (or ‘greed’) to make quick profits. Equity investments are the best asset category for building wealth, but they are no “get rich quick” solutions. You may get ‘tips’ from so-called experts, but if you think that a stock or mutual fund will double or triple in a few days, get it out of your mind quickly. Equity investment is for the long term. If you have a financial commitment for the next 5 years, it is preferable to park the money in debt. Equity is strictly for long term investors and has stock market risks & returns. The technical definition of long term is more than 10 years. For those not in it for the long haul, equity is the best choice.

Almost everybody can invest in equity. The only exception is a person who needs money in the short term. If there are financial goals falling due within the next 5 years (retirement, children’s education, etc), it is preferable to move investments (or at least a large portion) into debt.

To tackle the various risks associated with equity, such as the study of the business, valuation of such business, etc it is highly recommended that professional help is taken. The JamaWealth.com Equity advisory is one such service.

Whether it is equity or equity-oriented direct mutual funds, investment in equity should be for a time horizon in excess of 5 years. Of course, mutual funds allow the flexibility to liquidate investments at any time, but the realization of financial goals can happen only by allowing equity to work over a reasonably long timeframe.

There cannot be a generalized asset allocation for one and all. A professional investment advisor such as a Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) will help you arrive at the right allocation. RIAs are registered with the Stock Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and play a fiduciary role. This means that they are focused on giving you the right interest for a fee. It is illegal for them to make any commission income.

Equity is an asset class that provides inflation-beating returns. One should not ignore or avoid equity investments considering equity is risky. As we’ve explained, there is a risk in fixed income securities, too.

Mutual Funds are having actively managed Stocks. They provide great diversification than Stocks. However many mutual funds carry the risk of over diversification which greatly reduces returns over time.

If you have access to a competent and professional equity advisor who does not make side-income on your money (eg: brokerages), then equity investing is a very good option.

Visit: Jamā Wealth for a FREE PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS

This article first appeared on Valuewalk.

“I’m a confidence man. I give people confidence, they give me their money.”

-         Marius Josipovic, Sneaky Pete, Season 1, Episode 1

When it comes to investment products, nothing sells as quick as the possibility of quick profits. The Dalal Street understands this phenomenon all too well. It is no surprise then that investment advisors and investment product salesmen are quick to whip out numbers like a 16% annual return from Indian stock markets. In this article, we show why you should not place much confidence in such assertions.

Be careful of simplistic thinking and authoritarian aura

A few years ago, Baijnath visited the offices of an investment advisor. This person had a board behind his desk showing the progression of BSE Sensex every ten years. His big idea – Sensex goes up five times every ten years! Who knows, maybe his expectation of Sensex reaching 100,000 by 2020 still has enough time to turn out to be right.

This kind of simplistic analysis is dangerous to your wealth. However, when combined with an aura of knowledge, frequently created by throwing about idioms and sayings, it gets the commissions flowing for the advisor. As Marius’s quote highlighted, it gives people confidence.

However, this raises a few questions that any rational investor should have. For example, where did those numbers come from? Are they grounded in economic outcomes? Do they represent the return we should expect? Or are they just plain baloney?

The Year 1979: That special year

The first thing to note about that return of 16% is that it not incorrect. Just as for a joke to be funny, it has to use some version of a truth, for a lie to be believable, it has to be based upon the truth. As Marius Josipovic said[1], “The trick is, you use the truth when you wanna tell a lie.”

Between April 1979 and March 2015, BSE Sensex grew at a compounded rate of 14.9% p.a.[2] That’s the truth that the myth of Indian stock market’s return of 15%+ is based upon. However, as we discuss, this is an incorrect number to rely upon as it ignores the big economic reset that the Indian economy experienced in 1991. Table 1 shows the decade-wise performance of the BSE Sensex since April 1, 1979. As is seen, the first two decades were associated with much higher performance than the next two. Importantly, much of the high performance of the second decade was driven by the period until 1991; the pre-liberalization period.

Table 1: Sensex – Decade Wise Returns Since April 1979

Source: Bombay Stock Exchange[3], MAEG’s calculations

The Year 1992: The correct start date

When calculating the rate of growth of any time series that has a variable rate of growth, both the choice of the starting as well as the ending point has a significant influence on the rate of growth derived. The reason why Dalal Street chooses that arbitrary start date as being in 1979 is because it yields a higher rate of growth. However, as we list below, there are several reasons to ignore the equity market returns in the period before 1992.

#1. The Sensex itself didn’t exist in 1979. It was launched in January 1986[4]. If we calculate the return from January 1986 to March 2020, the full period return drops to 12.1%. This compares to 14.9% annual return when calculated from 1979 onwards; a rather significant drop of nearly three percentage points.

#2. The Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) was established in April 1992[5].

#3. The process of liberalization of the Indian economy started in 1991 with the IMF and the World Bank bailing out the Indian Government in December 1991. Table 2 shows the pre and post liberalization returns for the Sensex. The differences are rather stark. During the pre-liberalization period of 1979 to 1991, Sensex rose by a factor of 19 times; a rather stunning move in a timeframe of just about 13 years. This equated to an annualized return of 26.0%.

However, the returns since then have been lower by a magnitude of more than half. In the period starting from 1992, a timeframe of nearly 28 years, the Sensex rose by about 15 times; a lower total increase than the pre-liberalization era, and in nearly twice the time. The annualized returns; a much more muted 10.2%.

As discussed previously, the rate of annualized return calculation process is affected by the choice of start and end dates. Equity markets do not go up in a straight line. Instead, they fluctuate around their trend values; at times, in extreme zones. The appropriate way to approximate the “underlying” rate of change is to instead use trend values. In Table 2, the last column reports the annualized trend rate which is different from the CAGR for the two time periods. The post-liberalization period is associated with an annual trend rate of 11.3%.

Table 2: Sensex – Pre-Liberalization and Post-Liberalization Returns

Source: Bombay Stock Exchange[6], MAEG’s calculations

As the common adage goes, a picture is worth a thousand words. And so is the picture below. Figure 1 shows the Sensex since 1979 along with the trend value as well as our upper limit and lower limit bands around the trend value. As is highlighted by the vertical red line, the trajectory of the trend shifted downwards post 1991.

Figure 1: Sensex, Trend Values, and Upper and Lower Limits

Source: Bombay Stock Exchange[7], MAEG’s calculations

NIFTY 50 Index – Since inception performance

For an alternative picture, let’s take a look at the NIFTY 50 index; an index that started much later. Table 3 shows the returns of the NIFTY 50 index for the first two decades of its existence, the last four years in the ongoing third decade, and the full period. As against the widely touted Sensex’s numbers, NIFTY’s returns since inception paint a somewhat different picture with a full period return of 9.4% per annum and the annualized trend rate of 12.8%. In that same period, the Sensex also sports a very similar performance.

Table 3: NIFTY 50 Index – Returns Since Inception

Source: Investing.com[8], MAEG’s calculations

What we see above is that as against the high double digit numbers usually talked about, the NIFTY has compounded at a rate of 9.4%; a difference of about five percentage points when compared to the Sensex’s return from 1979 onwards. Much as Figure 1 earlier, Figure 2 shows the NIFTY along with its trend values over time.

Figure 2: NIFTY, Trend Values, and Upper and Lower Limits

Source: Investing.com[9], MAEG’s calculations

Economic liberalization – Why is it important for Indian stock market returns

As we discussed in one of our earlier articles (here), “Pre-liberalization, businesses that existed were likely earning returns well above cost of capital, as there were significant barriers to entry driven by government policies and the license-raj system . However, as the economy started to open, it would have been logical to expect returns on capital to be driven lower since competition, both from local as well as international players, was about to increase.”

The key point to understand is that before liberalization, businesses existed in a controlled environment. In the post-liberalization period, competition increased driving down the underlying returns on capital of businesses operating in the economy.

Summary

While the Dalal Street is quick to use 1979 as the starting point when talking about Indian equity returns, the year 1992 serves as a key point of break in returns on capital. Note that the returns that investors enjoy from equities can be approximated as a function of i) the initial valuation, ii) the underlying return of the business, and iii) the terminal/exit valuation. Over extended periods of time, contribution of change in valuation levels is rather muted. It is the underlying returns on capital that decide the return on equities.

As the liberalization drove returns on capital of businesses lower, it also resulted in lower ongoing returns from equities. Accordingly, we contend that it is the 1992 onwards return that is the right proxy for ongoing Indian equity market returns. As seen, the trend return from Indian equities post 1991 is 11.3% annualized. We suggest that the next time your advisor starts with 1979 as the reference point for equity returns, refer them to this article and ask them for 1992 onwards returns.

 _____________________________

Through this series of articles, we will make an effort to dispel some common investing myths and misconceptions. Many of these have significant adverse impact on the financial outcomes of your portfolio. However, they do serve to benefit the cheque books of some of certain intermediaries whose livelihood depends on you staying rooted in these myths.

Our sincere hope is that this series of notes will help to dispel some of these myths. The next time your financial advisor tries to impart confidence to you, please hold on to your money tightly.

____________________________________

[1] Sneaky Pete, Season 2, Episode 9

[2] All returns in this article are calculated in Indian rupee terms. Further, we have not included the impact of dividends in our analysis.

[3] https://www.bseindia.com/Indices/IndexArchiveData.html

[4] The S&P BSE Sensex was launched on January 2nd, 1986. Source: https://www.bseindia.com/static/about/History_Milestones.html

[5] The Securities and Exchange Board of India was established on April 12, 1992 in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992. Source: https://www.sebi.gov.in/about-sebi.html

[6] https://www.bseindia.com/Indices/IndexArchiveData.html

[7] https://www.bseindia.com/Indices/IndexArchiveData.html

[8] https://www.investing.com/indices/s-p-cnx-nifty-historical-data

[9] https://www.investing.com/indices/s-p-cnx-nifty-historical-data

How many of us feel really connected to the stock market. I bet there is at least a substantial number of us who don't. I can also bet that there are a substantial number who earlier were almost addicted but that interest has of late been waning (as they pull out of the investments). 

I have always, for some reasons, disbelieved the stock markets. I think they are too much of a gambling den for me to chew and digest. I just cannot fathom a market where there are very few original value creators but very many traders on these value creators. Something is fundamentally not right with it. 

And as I have understood it more from the inside-outside, I think I have more sophisticated reasons that have only bolstered this disbelief. 

It was therefore a pleasant surprise today to read about the views echoed by the Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Charlie Munger in this article. Here I quote from it -

"There's way, way too much of that in America. And too much of the new wealth has gone to people who either own a casino or are playing in a casino. And I don't think the exaltation of that group has been good for life generally, and I am to some extent a member of that group."

"I'm always afraid I'll be a terrible example for the youth who want to make a lot of money with and not do much for anybody else and who just want to be shrewd about buying little pieces of paper. Even if you do that very honestly, I don't consider it much of a life. Just being shrewd about buying little pieces of paper, shrewder than other people, is not an adequate life. It's not a good example for other people."

It was amazing to read form the doyens of the markets expressing similar dis-beliefs. My views may be trivial but it may be difficult to dismiss these views. 

There has been a considerable drop in the retail participation in the stock markets. According to SEBI's Elusive Retail Investor Report 

Why is retail investor not interested in the Stock Market?

The answer lies in the lack of trust. The stock market does not exuber trust. Not just in India but across the globe. The occupy Wall Street movement is only an indication of how deep this dis-trust runs. It's serious, deep and has potential to divide society as well. 

The stock markets are perceived as gambling dens. We gamble once in a while just for fun, but that cannot be the mainstay of our investments. 

The original stock markets were interestingly created to enable primary market access for companies and investors. It was created for participation and mutual growth. Today, they are all about high frequency trading, (higher than you and I can think), algo trading and what not. It is about 'technical analysis' - something that has hardly any technical angle to it - it's simple investor pattern analysis and betting on the patterns. As an engineer, I hate the abuse of the word 'technical' by these folks. But then it's only me. Is it? 

I personally have always invested in Startups - pure grit, value and growth. I personally have not yet grown but my resolve to learn and do better hasn't. If I will, I would still put most of my money in startups. And I think I'm not alone there. This tribe who believe in real, fundamental investing, has only been growing.

Interestingly and unfortunately, the regulator thinks otherwise. They have somehow developed a belief that the stock market is the best and safest way to invest - probably simply because this is what the regulate and understand very well. This comfort in their understanding has led to investors moving away. 

This is a very very undesirable situation, to say the least. Consider this -
1. People have moved away their investments from Stock Exchanges
2. The Stock Exchanges have become traders (gambling) den
3. Regulator has moved every license and innovation to the Stock Exchanges 
4. People are left with very little ways and means to invest their hard earned money. 

I would end with a note on what have we done to 'Be the Change' that we wanted to see. The very idea of GREX was rooted in financial openness, inclusion and growth. We are creating a new fundamental market for people to become participative in growth curve of companies. At GREX, we have always believed in informed investing and therefor the concept in Information Exchange (INFEX) is at the core of the very idea of GREX. 

And oh, by the way, let me share a piece of grapevine. There was a recent complaint about us (apparently). We have learnt from our sources that one of the stock exchanges was not very comfortable with us and thus made a 'friendly' complaint.

Well. Not sure if this is good news or bad. I'd consider this as coming of age. 

Hi Guys,

In chapter 3 of Stock Market basics, we understood why a company performs corporate actions like Bonus, Dividend, and split and how does it create value for investors. Now in this blog, we will understand what is Market Capital, Earning Per Share (EPS) and how do we use EPS to calculate Price to earnings (P/E), understand Book Value, and finally the Price to Book Value (P/B.V).

Let’s understand the above concepts by taking 2 tyre stocks MRF and CEAT.

If we look at the current market price of MRF it is Rs 73880 /- and the current market price of CEAT is Rs 1135/-. Now investors think that both are tyre stocks but MRF is so expensive compared to CEAT so it would be a better option to buy CEAT instead of MRF, but that should not be our thought process when we want to purchase a stock. I will the thesis with the below facts, if you look into the returns these stocks have generated over the last 5 years, MRF grew by 39 % whereas CEAT de-grew by 11 %. So we should not blindly go by the stock price but also need to understand other factors like Market Cap, EPS, P/E, P/BV, etc.

Now let’s see what is Market Capital. In simple definition Market capital is the value of the outstanding shares of a company. Let’s say company X’s share price is Rs 100/- and it has 100000 outstanding shares, then the market capitalization of the company is Rs 100 * 100000 = 1 Cr.

So what is the significance of knowing the Market capitalization of a company? If we take 2 tyre stocks MRF and Balkrishna Industries(BKT), the current market price of MRF is 73880/- and Balkrishna Industries is 2200/-

Now a majority of investors think that MRF is a big company as compared to Balkrishna Industries looking at the share price. But in reality, it’s now, Balkrishna Industries is a big company compared to MRF, look at the market capitalization of these 2 stocks.

So we should not simply look at share price but also need to factor in the Market cap to decide whether the company is big or not in terms of Market Capital, but market capitalization does not alone make the share attractive to buy, we need to consider other factors also.

Earnings Per Share (EPS): In simple terms, EPS is the ratio of the earnings of the company and the total outstanding shares. Let’s say a company X has earned 1 lakh profit and the company has 1000 outstanding shares. So the EPS will be 100000/1000 = Rs 100 /-. So for every share of company X, it is earning Rs 100/-. Below are the EPS of some companies.

The main use of EPS is to calculate the P/E ratio which is also called as Price to Earnings ratio.

In simple terms, the P/E ratio is the amount investors are willing to pay for every 1 rs earned by the company. Let’s say a company X with a current market price of Rs 1000 /- has earned 1 lakh profit and the company has 1000 outstanding shares. So the EPS will be 100000/1000 = Rs 100 /-. Now the P/E will be CMP/100 = 10, So investors are ready to pay Rs 10 and buy the stock of X for every 1 Rs profit earned by the company. So generally a company with low P/E is preferred but we do need to consider other factors also.

Note: Never compare 2 companies in different sectors based on their P/E, we should not compare an FMCG stock with Energy or a Telecom stock with Tyre stock based on P/E, we should always compare 2 or multiple stocks in the same sector based on P/E because different sectors have different dynamics and hence different P/E.

Now let’s understand what is book value?

we have company X with a Current market price of 200 and the promoters want to close the company completely. Now if they want to close the company they need to clear all the debts they have. So they cleared all the debts and now they are left with 1 Cr money. So this 1 Cr is called the Total book value of the company, now if the company has 100000 shares of the company then the Book Value will be 1cr/100000 = 100. So the book value is 100.

Now the Price to Book value will be CMP/Book Value = 200/100 = 2. So investors should pay 2 rs for the company for every 1 rs they have. So always a lower P/B.V is preferred but we need to consider other factors also.

So this I hope we are clear on the above concepts.

If you like my content and if you feel it is helpful to you and others please like and share this blog.

Cheers,

Chenna

Investing in the stock market in India is undoubtedly a good investment option for generating good returns when you have a long term perspective.

Although volatile in the short term, the stock markets in India are stable over the long term. To give you an example, over 5 years between April 2014 to Mar 2019, Nifty has generated a return of 72.93%. Looks impressive, isn’t it?

But you would be even more surprised to know that Research & Ranking’s model portfolio has generated even higher returns of 400.53% during the same period which you can check here.

On the other hand, if one would have invested in either gold or real estate, the returns would have been significantly lower at 12.33% and 25.30% respectively.

Of course, there are other risks too, with gold like chances of theft and cost of storage in the form of rent for bank lockers.

So investing for the long term in the share market in India is definitely a great investment idea.

But investing all your money in equities is definitely not a wise idea. Remember the golden rule we have been taught as a child ‘’Don’t put all your eggs in one basket.’’

So it makes sense to distribute your investment across multiple investment options. The idea behind this is to reduce the risk, which may arise if one particular investment fails to perform as expected.

There is no doubt equity has the power to generate superior returns over all asset classes. But it would be still advisable to divide your investments across the stock market in India and debt instruments after keeping some funds aside for an emergency.

History reveals a lot of valuable lessons — lessons which every investor in the share market in India should consider quite seriously.

The year 2008 saw one of the biggest global financial calamity triggered by the American sub-prime crisis, with markets across the world falling badly and wiping out investor wealth by huge margins. Indian share markets were severely affected too.

During the bull phase before the 2008 crisis, investors were so bullish on share market investments that apart from their own money, people even used borrowed money to invest.

When the markets crashed heavily, many investors not only suffered huge losses, but many investors were left in debt. As a result of losing all their money parked in share market investments, many people had to postpone their retirement, marriage or higher education of children and even sell the property to pay their debts. The situation was so bad that many people who could not pay their debts ended up committing suicide.

So the lesson an investor can learn from this is to divide his investments among multiple investment options as discussed above, such as the stock market in India, debt and emergency fund.

The best way to decide on the proportion of your investment in the stock market in India is by deducting your age from 100.

For example, if you are 30 years old, you can allocate 70% of your investments in the share market in India and rest 30% to debt or other instruments of your choice.

On the other hand, if you are closer to your retirement, your equity allocation should be restricted to 30–35% and the rest to debt as the time horizon for investment is quite less.

The whole point here is that the longer the time duration you have in hand for investing, the more you should allocate to equity.

Here are a few things you need to do while making share market investments:

Before investing your money in share market investments and other investment avenues, it is essential to maintain an emergency fund. An ideal amount would 3–6 months of your expenses as cash or in your savings account for emergency purposes.

It is imperative to do proper research and have a sound plan before making share market investments. If you don’t have the time or expertise to read financial reports of companies, you can seek professional expertise.

There are many external, economic conditions and global factors which can impact stock markets and stock prices.

It isn’t very easy for an investor to constantly monitor and track all these events and its impact on his investments. On the contrary, a financial advisory service which has their research team keeps a constant track of all those factors. Apart from that, research teams of financial advisory service also keep track of factors like earnings, growth, debt, scalability of operations of businesses.

These are the crucial factors which determine the price of the stock over longer terms. A novice investor neither has the time nor the expertise to do all this. In such circumstances, a retail investor should choose the professional advice of financial advisory service. 

Thanks for reading! 

Originally published at https://www.researchandranking.com. 

Also, To know more about the holistic approach of wealth creation, you can also check Research & Ranking’s Knowledge corner

These are 4 Common Indian Stock Market Myths you should definitely know about.

Myth #1 -There is absolutely no doubt that Warren Buffet is one of the best investors the world has ever seen but there is a common myth that he buys stocks and holds it forever as he himself once said that his favorite holding period is forever. As per Research done by John Hughes (Prof at University of California) of his holdings from 1980-2006 (Twenty six years) he found that the average holding period for Warren Buffet was only 1 year, with approximately ONLY 20% of stocks held for more than two years. About approximately 30% of stocks were sold within six months of purchase.

A lot of Investors know that Warren Buffett owns Shares of Coca-Cola but only a few Investors know that the Stock price of Coke was 43$ in 1998 and the Stock price is Same at 43$ today. (20 years later).

Conclusion of Myth #1- Warren Buffet only holds 20% of Stocks for more than 2 years and not all good companies are good stocks.

Myth #2 – Indian Equity is the Best Asset Class Ever- Nifty Started in 1994 and since then it has given a return of 10% CAGR which is 3% higher than the prevailing FD Rates of 7% but did you know that in 1995 the FD Rates of SBI was 13%. You could have easily beaten the Index by investing in a long Term Fixed Deposit. Secondly, you might have seen people comparing Gold and Sensex. When Nifty Started in 1994, the Sensex was 4400 and Gold was also 4400. Today Sensex is at 35000 whereas Gold is at 32000, not a lot of difference!

Conclusion Myth #2 – Diversified Asset Allocation decreases volatility of Returns though overall portfolio returns were not impacted much

Myth #3 – You probably might have received a Whatsapp forward that an investment of Rupees 10,000 Invested in Wipro in 1980 is worth 500 Crores today – Well have you ever received a message that an Investment of Rupees 10,000 in Wipro in year 2000 (18 years ago) is worth only Rupees 5,000 today? (-50%)

Conclusion Myth #3 – Market clearly Moves in Trends and Cycles hence we at Stallion Asset believe that Buy and rotate works better than Buy and Hold approach.

Myth #4- MutualFundSahiHai- It is True that Mutual funds have performed well and given 11% CAGR in last 10 years which is 3% better than the Index but did you know that the returns of Mutual Fund unit holders is just 4% CAGR in the last 10 years (Rough Calculation from AMFI Data till December 2016). According to Industry data, 43% of Retail Equity Mutual fund Investors changed their Scheme or sold their unit within 1 year whereas 62% sold mutual fund within 2 years. How much time you spend in a equity mutual fund is more important than “Kaunsa Mutual Fund”.

Conclusion – We don’t wish to undermine any asset Class but we want to highlight the reality of different asset classes. We at Stallion Asset believe that there is a lot of money to be made in the Indian Stock Market as we grow from an economy of 2.5 Trillion$ to 5 Trillion $ in the next 8 years but we need to select the right stocks. Indians will not double their use of sugar or tea in next 8 years, they would buy more Air Conditioners, more Mutual funds, More Cars etc.

Disclosure – Amit Jeswani & Family may or may not hold the stocks discussed. Please use this education purpose only and Stallion Asset won’t be responsible for data.

The above was written by Amit Jeswani, CFA, CMT (Founder of Stallionasset.com)

In general, the term 'stock market' is a place that enables the trading of company stocks. It is distinct from a stock exchange. The stock exchange is an entity (a corporation or mutual organizations) which is in the business of bringing buyers and sellers of stocks and securities together. The purpose of a stock exchange is to facilitate the exchange of securities between buyers and sellers, thus providing a marketplace, virtual or real. Just imagine how difficult it would be to sell shares, and at what a disadvantage you would be in if you had to call out to try and locate a buyer. It would be like trying to sell a house. Really, a stock exchange is nothing more than a super sophisticated farmers' market, providing a meeting place for buyers and sellers.

In India, the stock market does not have a physical presence; it's a virtual market. Gone are the days when share brokers assembled in a place called the trading ring and bought and sold shares; it was known as the outcry method. Technology has enabled the ring to be located on a central computer, which has millions of buyers and sellers attached to it through a telecommunication network. These buyers and sellers indicate their intentions through a computer at home or the office, their own or their broker's. Buyers' and sellers' orders are matched by the central computer, and if quantities and prices correspond, then a trade is set to be executed. The entire process of sending the order to the stock exchange computer, confirmation of the order, and execution, if any, is communicated within a fraction of a second.

What are Shares?

The share market deals in shares. A share is nothing but an ownership in a company. We have entrepreneurs and technocrats with business propositions that they want to concretize, convinced that they will make a lot of money if they're successful. They may not have sufficient capital for setting up the business, namely land, buildings and machinery, or for funding initial expenses. The investor steps in and provides capital to the company. This capital reaches the company in the form of a public issue, that is the company invites the general public to subscribe to the company's capital through purchase of its shares This is also called an IPO or Initial Public Offering.

The stock exchange supplies a platform from which to buy and sell shares in certain listed companies. It regulates the company's behavior through requirements agreed upon by the company in order to be listed. This is called a Listing Agreement, which ensures that the company provides all the information pertaining to its working from time to time, including events that affect its valuation, such as mergers, amalgamations and such other sensitive matters.

Large volumes are possible in these markets because of two things. One, the ease of settlements. The shares that are traded in are received and delivered through an electronic entry in the books of buyers and sellers. Crores of rupees worth of shares get exchanged by merely passing a debit and credit entry in the books of a Depository Company which has a beneficial ownership account of buyers and sellers.

The second reason is guarantee of trades. Since the introduction of Trade Guarantee Funds in 1996, there has never been a single hour's delay in the declaration of pay outs -- completion of the settlement process by collection of monies and securities due and their delivery to the recipients. Sellers get their money, buyers get their shares.

Despite large ups and downs in the market, brokers have never failed to honor their commitments to stock exchanges. If anyone fails to pay, there are enough margins available with the exchange to honor those commitments. This is unique in India and no other markets work with such efficiency. Such a long record of timely settlements has given much confidence to investors in India and abroad. This is also one of the reasons for growth in Foreign Institutional Investors' investments in India.

The stock market is one of the most important sources for companies to raise money. Experience has shown that the price of shares and other assets is an important part of the dynamics of economic growth. The Stock Market is also known as a barometer of the country's economy. The companies listed on stock exchanges collectively contribute to the country's GDP. If the company's financial performance is good then the share price of the company goes up. Rising prices leads to an increase in the index (collective measure of all share prices). Thus a rising index indicates that the economy is on a growth path. Participation in stock market also helps you participate in country's prosperity.

Have you invested in the Stock Markets before? I would love to hear your experiences.

Written By:

Deena A. Mehta - Managing Director

Asit C Mehta Investment Interrmediates Ltd

The Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) survey for non-manufacturing (AKA services) from the Institute for Supply Management showed a surprise pickup in July. The services index rebounded to 56.7 in July from 55.3 in June, the ISM reported on Wednesday, August 3.

This put an end to a string of three straight monthly drops in the index. (In this index any reading above 50 indicates expansion. Below 50 indicates contraction.) Economists polled by Reuters had forecast a decrease in the non-manufacturing PMI to 53.5.

This positive surprise comes after the Monday report from the ISM that the manufacturing sector showed a drop in July.

So what does the services sector surprise mean for the economy as a whole?

One reason to think that we were headed into a recession sooner rather than later was a slowdown in the service sector instead of the projected pick-up in the sector. That pickup in services was supposed to pick up the slack from a slowing manufacturing sector.

If growth in the service sector can hold this strength, it keeps alive the possibility of the much-desired soft landing with higher interest rates from the Federal Reserve vanquishing inflation without tipping the economy into recession.

“The ISM activity is consistent with GDP growth of close to 2% annualized, rather than the outright declines seen over the first half of the year,” Michael Pearce, senior U.S. economist at Capital Economics in New York told Reuters. “With borrowing costs down from their June peak, and falling gasoline prices likely to feed through to rising real disposable incomes, the immediate outlook for services is looking a little brighter.”

However, I would note that the PMI surveys are essentially measures of sentiment. The survey asks purchasing managers if they see conditions improving or worsening at their companies. One factor that probably supported a more optimistic read on the economy was the ISM’s measure of new orders received by service businesses. That subindex shot up to 59.9 from 55.6 in June.

Other subindexes were less positive. The ISM’s services industry employment gauge did improve, but only to 49.1 in July from 47.4 in June. The June number was the lowest reading since July 2020.

On the inflation front, a subindex of prices paid by services industries for inputs declined to 72.3, the lowest reading since February 2021, from 80.1 in June. The 7.8 percentage-point drop was the largest since May 2017. This suggests that purchasing managers believe inflation has peaked.

Posted August 22, 2022 @ 9:22 PM There are a lot of reasons to find the latest confrontation between the United States and China over Taiwan to be really scary.

But let me take a step back from the headlines to look under the hood of this crisis at one of the reasons that China has decided to rattle the saber so intensely at this particular time.

Sure, there’s the argument that China sees the United States and its allies “distracted” by the war in Ukraine. Sure, there’s the political situation in both countries that gives politicians a motive to push a confrontation. (Many China watchers think that to the extent Chinese President Xi Jinping faces any domestic challenge it comes from even more hard-line rightwing, xenophobic leaders of the Communist Party. The Biden administration is under pressure not to be “weak” on China.)

But what intrigues me about this crisis is what it suggests about the state of China’s economy.

The ideological campaigns of the Xi years have always felt like they were designed to divert attention from China’s domestic problems, from a slowing economy to a severely damaged ecosystem. It would be surprising if those “facts” didn’t play a big role in the current crisis. (I don’t mean to overlook the likelihood that the Biden administration has its own political and economic agenda playing out in this crisis.)

Which, of course, doesn’t make the current crisis any less scary. It might even make it more frightening.

Hope you are having a wonderful journey in stock market, In this blog we will try to understand 10 factors which can impact the Stock Market in Short Term and Long Term. These factors are very important to be understood by a long term investor and not to deviate from his long term goals considering the short term impact of these factors.

So here are those 10 factors which can impact the stock market in short term and long term

Media Coverage :

In short term media coverage on a particular stock can impact its performance. Though this is not predictable but the way media either news channels or social media gives information on a particular stock can change the retailers opinion and can force them to either take position or exit holdings in that stock.

Example 1 : Zomato IPO : Zomato is a classic example where most of the retailers were negative on its listing considering the company's past performance, but everything changed and it had a stellar listing thanks to Media.

Example 2: Tata motors : When big firms like Morgan Stanley gave extensive coverage on 11th October 2021, this stock rallied almost 50% from its current value.

Economic Data :

In short term economic data like GDP, Inflation, RBI meetings and even the US FEDERAL reserve meeting impacts the stock market. Market tries to discount the current economic data and will settle in short term after the euphoria.

Insider buying or selling :

when either of the promotor or the major shareholders buy or sell the stocks this creates a sentiment in market for short term. When they buy the stock it gives a signal that they are confident on their business and retailers tend to take positions in the stock and when they sell the stocks a negative sentiment creates and existing shareholders exit from their holdings. This impacts the stock in short term.

Example : ZEEL : When the news about ace investor Rakesh Jhunjhunwala purchasing about 2% shares in ZEEL surfaced the stock rallied from 200 to around 400 in short term.

Public investor presentation :

When a company's management gives positive or negative commentary about any stock this will impact the stock performance in short term. When Tata motors openly informed about the Semiconductor chip shortage in their con-call the entire auto industry stocks reacted and corrected heavily. This impacts the stock in short term

Quarterly results beats/miss estimates :

When companies declare their quarterly results, stock react either positively or negatively based on the estimates going in the current market. If they beat the estimates then stock reacts positively and if they miss the estimates the stock corrects from the current levels. This impacts the stock in short term.

Government policies or incentives :

When government announces incentives like PLI Scheme ( Production linked Incentives) or Anti-dumping duties then stocks reacts positively, DIXON Technology is a classic example which benefited from PLI scheme. Govt policies like increasing taxes on tobacco can also impact the stocks like ITC or Morris Phillips negatively. This impacts the stock in short term.

Fund Flows :

When large investment institutions or Equity players invest regularly, a healthy fund flow happens and this will create a supply demand gap and in turn can create an impact on the stocks in short term.

CEO's Interviews or Tweets :

When CEO's give interview on national media like CNBC or ZEE business, market tries to pull out some information and tend to predict the future which in turn impacts the stock in short term.

Revenue / Profit Growth :

When companies consistently deliver healthy growth in Revenue and Profit this impacts the stock in the long term. We can see examples of Asian Paint , Pidilite Industries etc who consistently show growth in both revenue and profits, this is the main reason why we call them long term multi-baggers.

Sector Outlook :

The overall sector outlook can impact the stocks in the long term. Take the concept of EV ( Electric vehicle) theme, most of the EV stock sectors like Auto stocks , chemical stocks , battery manufacturer etc are showing growth in their value and will probably impact positively in the long term.

If you like this content and feel that this is helpful to you and others then please share this blog.

KC Mathews, Chief Investment Officer

J. Eric Kelley, Director of Research

 Wouldn’t it be nice to have a crystal ball that forecasts the future of the stock market—a tool that would help investors experience fewer surprises and mitigate risk? While no one will ever be able to look into a glass orb to see what’s ahead, there is something investors can monitor to help identify stock market shifts – the bond market.

Reading the Fixed Income Variables

There are two fixed-income variables that have a strong track record of predicting looming recessions and significant changes in the stock market direction: the slope of the yield curve and high-yield spreads. When evaluating these two variables, if one changes course, it signals a yellow flag. If they both change at the same, time, then a shift in the market can be expected.

Yield Curve Predictions for the Market and the Economy

The slope of the yield curve, the difference between the two-year and the 10-year Treasury yields, has a virtually perfect track record of predicting oncoming recessions.

Historically, there is a lag effect—once the yield curve flattens and becomes inverted (long rates lower than short rates), the economy goes into a recession within 12 to 24 months.

Why is this important? Equity bear markets (when stocks are down 20 percent or more) are associated with recessions. In recessions, economic activity slows and companies’ sales decline, leading to a contraction in earnings that results in a stock market debacle.

The yield curve has been flattening over the past few years. Currently, the spread is 50 basis points, but it does not appear that the yield curve will invert, meaning we believe that neither an economic recession nor an equity bear market will occur in 2018.

We anticipate the economy will continue to move along at an increasing pace, creating more competition for workers and higher wages. This should keep interest rates moving up, and will modestly increase the yield curve slope throughout this year. However, we are closely watching the yield curve slope for an inversion, as this will be a yellow flag for the economy and markets.

High-Yield Spread Warning Signs

Spreads on high-yield bonds are another great barometer for oncoming pressure in the stock markets. These spreads show the difference in yield between low-grade corporate bonds (junk bonds) and U.S. treasury notes.

The spread tends to widen (increase) before major sell-offs in the stock market, and typically occurs several months before the stock market peaks and begins a downward cycle. The last four major changes in the equity market were preceded by a widening of high-yield spreads.

Currently, high-yield spreads are anchored near cyclical lows and are showing no warning signs that a significant negative cycle for stocks is close at hand. Historically, when spreads materially widen, it is also a yellow flag.

2018 The Crystal Ball Conclusion

There is no crystal ball when it comes to predicting stock prices. However, as outlined, the bond market provides clear warning signals to monitor. If the yield curve inverts and high-yield spreads widen at the same time, this is a red flag that signals the economic cycle and the bull market are close to a material change of direction. Currently, this is not the case.

At this time, both of these indicators are sending the “all clear” signal. We are deep into this economic expansion, so we are watching these signals very closely. As we’ve seen in the past, they might once again provide important warning signs that lead us to reduce equity exposure. In the meantime, it appears that 2018 should be another year for reasonable equity market returns.

Every investor in the Indian stock market fears the bears. The problem is, it is almost impossible to know when it is coming, how long it will last, which sectors and companies it will affect the most and how it will affect our stock market investment portfolio. And when the bears come and hit the investment portfolio, many investors exit from the Indian stock markets, vouching never to reinvest.

This is one of the most prominent mistake stock market investors make– due to fear, they're even ready to sell good stocks in losses. The complete opposite of the winning strategy – Buy low, sell high.

However, there is no reason to fear and be alarmed! In this story, I will not only tell you how to survive the bears but also create wealth from it!

I visited a nearby mall last weekend and came across colossal discount signs everywhere. Flat 50% Off, Flat 70% Off and so on. No wonder the mall was over-crowded with shoppers eagerly jostling for space, trying to grab a piece of their favourite merchandise before stocks ran out.

What is the reason behind this massive surge in sales? DISCOUNT is the keyword here.

Now, what exactly does a discount mean? The discount means we are getting the same thing or stuff at a lower price. We all love discounts when it comes to clothes, electronics, vehicles or even our day-to-day groceries.

Unfortunately, the same principle is not applicable in the Indian stock market. When there is a correction or discounts during the bear markets, many investors isolate the Indian stock market.

A significant stock market fall is an excellent opportunity to buy quality stocks at bargain prices. 

When you buy a good stock at a discount price, the probability of making profits are much higher. But unfortunately what happens, in reality, is just the opposite.

As I wrote earlier, the majority of stock market investors panic and sell their stocks even if it means selling for a loss. It is the fear of losing money which triggers such an irrational decision. It is a scientifically proven fact that due to fear, people do absurd and illogical things to avoid making losses.

Why Fear Is Not As Bad As You Think?

Let's now take a scientific look at fear. Fear is an emotion triggered by a region of the brain called the amygdala. Even as the reaction starts in mind, the human body tries to make adjustments resulting in fight or flight mode.

Majority of investors in the stock market in India, opt for flight mode and end up selling their investments to prevent further losses or move to safer alternatives such as FD’s which offer low returns. In this process, they end up losing on the gains of remaining invested when the market bounces back again.

Emotions and investing don’t go hand in hand. Fear is one of the greatest enemies of investors.

To better understand this, let me give you some real examples.

After the collapse of IL&FS in Sep 2018, banks became cautious about lending money to NBFCs resulting in a liquidity crunch across the market. The IL&FS crisis created panic among stock market investors and triggered a large scale dumping of NBFC stocks.

There was widespread fear that an 'IL&FS-like' situation was emerging across NBFCs. As a result Nifty corrected from 11,738 points in Aug 2018, falling to 10,030 levels in Oct 2018, which is a fall of 14-15% in just two months.

But what happened next in the Indian stock markets? By June 2019, Nifty not only recovered but touched a new high of 12,088.

Introduction of an FPI surcharge in Budget 2019 and fears of further escalation in US-China war resulted in a massive correction in Indian stock markets with Nifty falling from 12,088 in June 2019 to 10,670 levels in Sept 2019.

But what happened next? With the rollback of FPI surcharge and de-escalation of USA-China trade war crisis, stock markets in India bounced back quickly with Nifty touching new highs of 12,333 on 14th Jan 2020.

There are many similar examples such as the Global Financial Crisis of 2008, when Nifty corrected from 6,278 levels in Jan 2008 to 2,524 levels in Oct 2008. However, active economic measures undertaken by the government helped stock markets recover, and Nifty touched a new high of 6,312 by Nov 2010.

Let's take a consolidated look of Nifty for the last 20 years.

By looking at the above data is quite evident that fear is a useless emotion in the stock market in India, as investors who feared and exited their stock market investments lost out on significant gains when the tide turned.

Fear is often the outcome of our past experiences or experiences of others we come across. But in stock market investments, one need not fear if invested in quality stocks. So rather than looking at bear markets with fear, consider it as an opportunity to invest more.

To conclude always remember, real fortunes in the stock market are made during times of economic distress or market corrections.

A perfect quote to summarize this by legendary investor Warren Buffet is - "If I see a sale in my favourite store, I go and buy some more of the stuff I like."

So next time you come across a stock market correction, rejoice and take your money bags out to go shopping in the Indian stock market.

These are the thoughts taken from an article published by my team on our knowledge corner.

Also, If you are looking for time-tested wealth creation strategies, click here now.

According to the Philippine Stock Exchange, Inc. (PSE), the total stock market accounts grew by 25.4% in 2018 to 1,089,443 accounts, much higher than the 868,810 accounts in 2017. Historically, more and more Filipinos are open to investing through the stock market.

A Glimpse of Filipino Gambling Culture

Stock market investing and trading is like a gambling game and we can date the Filipino culture of gambling back to the Spanish era. Filipinos tend to love the idea of “easy money”, the idea of accumulating wealth in a short span of time with minimal to no effort at all. From the introduction of cock fighting to the present sudden surge of Philippine offshore gaming operators (POGOs), and with the growing popularity of online stock trading hitting its 1 million mark, Filipinos have already instilled gambling deep in our culture.

From a simple, harmless pastime and the excitement that it brings, it is associated by some Filipinos as a source of income. Filipinos, no matter how hard and resilient we work, have poor financial lifestyle that still continues. And that probably is one of the reasons why Filipinos love to gamble. We look for new hopes to improve lifestyle. We look for new ways to alleviate our poor condition.

Stock Market Investing Redefined

The stock market is the most popular and the riskiest form of legal financial investment in the Philippines compared to mutual funds, unit-investment trust funds, variable life insurances, and bonds. It is an opportunity and medium for the public to invest their money, even in small amounts, to become co-owners of companies. Stock market investing and trading can give you two (2) ways to earn additional money, capital appreciation and earning dividend income. Capital appreciation means earning the difference when you buy the stocks at a low price and sell it at a much higher market price. Dividend income is the proportionate share in net income of the company.

At the very core of stock market, is knowing and understanding the fundamentals. Many years back, majority of stock market investors used both fundamental analysis and technical analysis to know what to buy and when to buy and sell.

Fundamental analysis is knowing the intrinsic value of the stock from the macro-economic level down to specific individual company details, as compared to the current market price. Basically, this is used to assess whether a stock is undervalued or overvalued.

Technical analysis, on the other hand, focuses on the patterns of historical price movements to identify future buying and selling points through reading charts . This analysis utilizes trading indicator tools such as support and resistance, moving averages, relative strength index, among many others.

The Noble Gambling Market

However, those were the days when players in the stock market have used both fundamental and technical analysis to help them in their investing and trading activities. With the popularity of social media, many Facebook pages were created to collectively group the stock market investors and traders in the Philippines. Sadly, many Filipinos concentrated only in the technical analysis, hearsays, and hypes but not on the fundamental analysis.

Focusing only on the technical and disregarding the fundamentals, this makes the present stock traders to be like professional gamblers in a once noble market. This Filipino trait still resonates the love of the idea of “easy money”, to earn money in short span of time in the form of stock trading. This trend results in continuously teaching the public to focus on “basura stocks”, stocks that are fundamentally unsound, with little or no value at all. Many people are speculatively hoping to make more money in a short-span of time, disregarding the value of patience in making true long-term wealth. Usually, technical traders are afterwards put in a state of “ipit” and painfully cut losses.

Many Filipinos are entering now the stock market without proper knowledge. Majority are joining Facebook groups and asks, “Mga ma’am and sir, ano magandang bilhing stock ngayon?” This question potentially puts someone trying the stock market for the first time in great financial peril and often leading only to disappointments. The Philippine Stock Market is doing good in making millionaires out of humble beginnings, but it also makes humble people out of worldly riches.

The Future of The Market

With what is currently happening, the present stock market techniques are being passed down from one person to another. There is a little-by-little transition from diligently eyeing what companies to invest in, and knowing when to buy and sell that particular stock, to possibly using only technical indicators. Neglecting the fundamental treatment of each one, we can possibly see that it will continue to be a noble gambling market, forgotten of its core, to invest in fundamentally-good companies and patiently wait for it to be ripened by and over time.

Written by: Kimwell B. Sto. Domingo

A stock market investor/trader who started at the age of 20, Kimwell B. Sto. Domingo is actively sharing his knowledge and experience on different investment vehicles to different companies, and individuals. He is also a Certified Public Accountant, a Business Owner, an Investments Consultant and has been featured in Marketing In Asia in 2018 as the Top 17 Filipino Professional on LinkedIn.

This study investigates Asian stock market integration during the period of 1999 to 2018. The analysis technique used was Orthogonal Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroscedasticity (OGARCH). OGARCH is a combination of GARCH and Principal Component Analysis (PCA) methods. The benefit of employing OGARCH in a stock market integration study is that it could estimate the degree of stock market integration precisely and how many components are related to it. In order to deepen the analysis, this study also does an analysis based on pre, during and post the GFC. The result shows that not all stock markets studied were integrated. Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, Thailand, and South Korea stock markets tended to integrate, while the ones in Indonesia, Philippine, and Malaysia did not. This shows that stock markets in Asia were not fully integrated. Stock market integration during the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) period is higher than the pre-GFC period and post-GFC period. Investment managers who have the ability to form international portfolios can diversify existing stocks in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines even Japan by considering country risk because their stock markets tend to be segmented. Investment managers also need to conduct special studies before investing in Asian stock markets that have proven to be integrated.

Here are other "stock market" jobs in "India"

Dear CPI Capital Real Estate Investment News Subscriber, Welcome back to This Week's Real Estate Private Equity Newsletter. This weekly newsletter is published by CPI Capital's CSO, COO, August Biniaz designed to update and educate you on all topics related to Real Estate Investing. Like what you are reading? Subscribe and share with your network. Let's build wealth together!

After the initial negative reaction to the onset of the pandemic, most stock markets around the world recovered dramatically during mid- to late-2020 and, with a few bumps along the way, throughout 2021. Supported by ample liquidity, record low interest rates and, of course, the forward looking nature of the markets which focus as much, if not more, on future earnings than current profits, a number of stock markets touched record highs in Q4 2021 or the early days of 2022.

Obviously, as with any stock market where prices have risen to or close to record highs, there is a great temptation for investors to lock in trading profits by selling shares and buying back once any correction has taken its course.

Stock markets the world over move on economic fundamentals but rumours, speculation and short term bad news on the geopolitical front also play a market part in driving prices and index upwards or down,

One, the prospect of higher interest rates, has been with us for some time, partially forgotten in the background as the DJIA moved inexorably upwards. Although it's just a question of time before interest rates do rise, the stock market dislikes uncertainty. The other is a relatively new, albeit recurring, geopolitical issue where Russia, one of the US’ major competitors on the world power stage, is again threatening action in the Ukraine.

Historically low bond yields and a massive fiscal stimulus enticed investors into riskier assets, including stocks, during 2020 and 2021; such factors being major contributors to the outperformance of the S&P 500 over such time, with easy pandemic monetary policy giving the necessarily strong support to asset prices.

However, it’s been known since interest rates dropped to record lows and the Federal Reserve (the “FED”) started buying huge quantities of bonds that there would come a day when the buying had to stop and rates started to rise again. After all, economic and interest cycles have come and gone numerous times before. It’s just that the timing and frequency of the FED’s action now looks more and more likely to start within the 1H 2002. Even though rate increases may be relatively small, stock markets don’t typically like higher rates as it makes borrowing higher for listed companies (lower profits), tighter credit generally plus, for dividend investor and alternative to investing in the stock market—meaning some fund outflows with the associated share price reductions—already apparent in the NASDAQ.

Naturally, when there's an alternative to equities for yield, most investors recalculate the equity risk premium and highly priced  shares can expect to lose some of their lustre.

Higher interest rates also mean that investors in the primary bonds market earn higher coupons on new issues, thereby placing pressure on prices of outstanding bonds in the secondary market which are paying less.

(Image Credit: The New York Stock Exchange.JLEON)

Geopolitical tensions

If the spectre of higher interest rates was not bad enough for the stock market, fears of military conflict in Ukraine has spooked many investors and recently caused global stock markets to fall sharply.

European markets tumbled by 3.8% to their lowest levels since October and some £53bn of the value of the UK’s blue-chip share index was lost after NATO said it was reinforcing its eastern borders with land, sea and air forces as a Russian invasion of Ukraine appeared increasingly likely.

Formal talks between the US and Russia have failed to pave the way to a compromise solution and fears of a possible war are driving the risk-off trade with bonds rising.

On the back of the rout in technology stock on the NASDAQ, this latest dimension has added yet more to the risk-aversion sentiment currently prevailing in stock markets

(Image credit Photograph: Brendan Hoffman/Getty)

How investing in real estate private equity could be a better option for investors rather than investing in stocks

For any investors looking to exit stock markets as the perceived risks grow or, even for those who simply prefer a more stable, secure investment, it’s hard to beat long-term investment in real estate

Indeed, under the right circumstances, real estate can be a great alternative to stocks, offering lower risk, yielding better returns, and providing greater diversification. At the end of the day, people will always need somewhere to live.

Obviously, the decision to invest in real estate or stocks, which offer different risks and opportunities, is a personal choice which can  depend on a person’s financial situation, risk tolerance, goals and investment style.

Real estate investment can provide a passive income stream by both collecting rents and through appreciation, as property values go up, thereby offering the potential for substantial appreciation. Furthermore, when buying real estate, physical land or property is being acquired and, on balance, real estate offers lower economic and inflationary risks than stocks.

But what are some of the key advantages of investing in multi-family real estate that means it has significantly less risk than investing in the stock market?

Of all the real estate asset classes, multi-family is one of the most favoured sectors for investment—and likely to remain so given the aforementioned interest rate and geopolitical risks.

Rental and investment returns

Investing in a multi-family deal usually means that investors start receiving (passive) income from the outset. As the  property is receiving rentals every month, investors will be receiving regular distribution checks, and typically an average of 7% cash-on-cash return. In addition, the value of properties is likely to continue to appreciate.

Financing

Funding from a variety of lenders is available to acquire multi-family homes is readily available and the effects of such leverage means that gains are magnified. Currently, loans to acquire a multi-family property can be obtained at a very low interest rates. Furthermore, it’s possible  to refinance the property in order to pull out equity tax-free.

Effects of Depreciation and Capital Expenditure

Income from multi-family properties attracts little or to no tax on capital gains by deducting depreciation and capital expenditure from the property’s income, and which can help increase profits for investors

“Value-adding”

Certain multi-family properties offer the opportunity to upgrade or renovate, otherwise called “value-adding”. Adding value helps justify rental increases which, in turn, adds extra income to returns, as well as helping with appreciation of the property over time.

There are many ways to add value, from exterior improvements such as painting or landscaping to complete unit upgrades, providing new bathrooms and kitchen or amenities and technological improvements in order to attract more renters.

Many investors are professional commercial lenders

Commercial lenders are by far the largest debt investors in multi-family apartments, usually offering around 70%-75% of the funds required to purchase such properties. Before lending they will have researched the quality of the market and the performance of multi-family building operators well before agreeing to provide financing.

Risk ratios

The Sharpe ratio is an economic measure which assesses the risk adjusted return of an investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio the better the return and the lower the risk—over any long-term period, commercial multi-family has the best Sharpe ratio of any other real estate asset class.

We at CPI Capital know that, historically, real estate is the greatest driver of multi-generational wealth.

Investment in real estate has many advantages over investing in the stock market—and investing in multi-family properties, thanks to its primary advantages such as sustained, growing demand, increasing retiree growth numbers and affordability of buying vs renting is likely to remain a highly favoured play. 

And, perhaps, even more so given the far greater risks posed by interest rate increases and the current geopolitical tensions due to the Russia/Ukraine situation.

Yours sincerely,

August Biniaz

CSO, COO, Co-Founder CPI Capital

Here is one of our recent episodes from the Real Estate Private Equity YouTube Show. We interviewed Kelly Ehler, CPA, LPA, TEP, LLQP on "What is a Fractional CFO?" You can watch the episode by clicking on the image. 

Kelly Ehler is an experienced executive, advisor and board member with a track record of transforming and elevating companies by improving their processes and business practices so they can reach new levels of success. Turns great ideas into successful companies by sitting at the intersection of finance and operations. He can be reached at his website: https://www.kellyehler.

What's your view on this week's Real Estate Private Equity newsletter? Join the conversation in the comments below.

The Global Stock Market Selloff that I have been predicting for August 2017 is now gathering pace. Investors and Fund Managers, please wait patiently--the selling is now set to further gather pace over the next few days. You would be surprised to find Stocks at mouth-watering prices by the end of this week. Do not try to catch a falling knife -- not as yet! White House troubles and North Korea tensions will lead to investor anxiety and further downturn in Global Stock Markets is clearly on the cards!


Navin Fluorine International Limited Stock | Good Time to Buy at CMP
.
https://youtube.com/shorts/0gbV2SuNOyM?feature=share
.
#navin #fluorine #international #stocks #shares #goodtime #timetobuy #currentprice #marketprice #stockmarket #sharemarket #market #investments #investing #sensex #trading #directusinvestments #thursdaymood #thursdayvibes #thursdaythoughts #thursdaymotivations

Intraday Profits
Open Your FREE Demat account Today and start Earnings at Stock Market - https://tinyurl.com/4dmsk9fy
✌🏻Trading With Me✌🏻
👉🏻Cut Your losses Small, aim for big profits.
👉🏻You Can't even make a penny out of Markets without knowing how it works.
👉🏻Join with us to learn Small things regularly and to become a Profitable trader in long Run
👉🏻Always show interest in learning Levels and Make profit from them in long Run.
👉🏻Never think to be rich too quick
Contact for further support - 9008809090

MyGate spent 96 hours to build its E-pass infrastructure, which launched on March 31.

Harsha Engineers International Ltd IPO on GCL! IPO Date Sep 14, 2022 to Sep 16, 2022.
Apply now:
https://eipo.gclbroking.com/
....

See more

ಇನ್ನೇನು ಹಬ್ಬದ ಸೀಸನ್ ಹತ್ತಿರ ಬರುತ್ತಿದೆ. ಮತ್ತೆ ಡಿಸ್ಕೌಂಟ್ ಗಳು, ಆಫರ್ ಗಳು ಬರುತ್ತಿವೆ. ಇದೀಗ ಫೆಡರಲ್ ಬ್ಯಾಂಕ್ ಗ್ರಾಹಕರಿಗಾಗಿ ಸಂಪೂರ್ಣವಾಗಿ ಕಾಗದರಹಿತವಾದ, ಡೆಬಿಟ್ ಕಾರ್ಡ್ ಗೆ ಲಿಂಕ್ ಆದ ದ್ವಿಚಕ್ರ ವಾಹನ ಸಾಲ ಸೌಲಭ್ಯ ನೀಡಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ.
#PersonalFinance #FederalBank #TwoWheeler #Loan #DebitCard #EMI

IAS officer Subhash Chandra Khuntia is new Irda chairman

Flavoured joke by Manforce Condoms 😐

The Lingayats revere both the god Shiva and the poet Basava. Some want the sect designated a religion, but the Hindu-nationalist BJP has an ideological reason to refuse them, as well as a political one

Union Bank has created right kind of structures to support its growth aspirations. The Bank is well capitalized with good provisioning cover, which equips us to pursue opportunities from a position of strength. - Rajkiran Rai G., MD & CEO

New Interim Chairman of TCS Ishaat Hussain
Ishaat Hussain was appointed Chairman of Tata Consultancy Services on November 9, 2016. He joined the Board of Tata Sons as an Executive Director on July 1, 1999, and is Finance Director of Tata Sons Ltd. beginning July 28, 2000. Prior to joining Tata Sons, he was the Senior Vice President and Executive Director – Finance in Tata Steel for almost 10 years.
Born on September 2, 1947, Hussain completed his schooling from The Doon School in 1963 to join St. Stephens College Delhi to do his graduation in Economics. A chartered accountant from England and Wales, Ishaat Hussain attended the Advanced Management Program at the Harvard Business School. He joined the board of the Indian Tube Company (a Tata Steel associate company) in 1981. Thereafter, he moved to Tata Steel in 1983 after Indian Tube was merged with Tata Steel.
Besides being on the board of Tata Sons Limited, he is Chairman of Voltas Limited and Tata Sky Limited. He is also on the boards of several Tata Companies such as Tata Steel, Tata Industries, Tata Teleservices, Titan Industries Limited.
In April 2005, Hussain was appointed a member of the Board of Trade, and in November 2006, he was appointed a Public Interest Director of Bombay Stock Exchange Limited. In January 2008, he was appointed a Trustee on the board of India Foundation for the Arts (IFA).

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Snapdeal is taking a real good look at logistics. The online marketplace has acquired a 20 percent stake in logistics firm GoJavas, in a move that analysts say is to gain a higher control over the crucial last mile delivery, an area its rivals Flipkart, Jabong and Myntra are already managing themselves. Snapdeal has thus far worked with third-party vendors, but it looks like that may be changing.

All eyes are on the Federal Reserve and higher rate jitters that has kept all markets on the edge. IMF chief Christine Lagarde has warned emerging markets to stay alert for capital outflows in the event of a rate increase.

Indian central bank chief Raghuram Rajan, in a discussion with Lagarde also expressed doubts of a joint central bank action of the kind seen in 2011. Domestic market interests and political concerns may outweigh any interest in joint action, rajan said. Sure enough, stock markets analysts in India are already predicting a rough quarter ahead.

Outrage in Karnataka: Meanwhile, the southern state of Karnataka has witnessed citizen anger over the death of a government official who had taken on the sand and mining mafia in the state and was taking a close look at tax evasions by real estate firms. Opposition demands for a federal agency probe have been rebuffed for now, but this story is by no means over.

Ikea has come one step closer to setting up India operations as it is evaluating a land acquisition in the southern Telangana from the state government. The furniture retailer has committed 105 billion rupees, or $1.7 billion, to India and hopes to set up 25 stores over the next decade. After Walmart’s missteps in the retail sector, Ikea has become the next test case for foreign investors looking at India’s massive retail business.

Cement Wars: The failed global merger between cement major Lafarge and Holcim may actually be good news for India’s UltraTech Cement, which was in danger of losing its No. 1 status to this merged entity. With the Modi government’s sharpened focus on infrastructure investment, which includes roads and bridges, another large competitor would have undermined Ultra Tech’s advantage.

Lastly, a look at black money. The tax department has just been given more powers to track illicit wealth stashed abroad and provide for strict penalties, even as the government has initiated talks with other governments for information sharing in this matter. That this comes on the heels of a leak of HSBC’s files on accounts held in its Swiss branches, which had more than 1,000 Indians, is no coincidence.

Every morning, we'll share the top news from India that professionals need to know. Click Follow to not miss one. And we want to know what you think, so head to the comments below with feedback, suggestions, bouquets and brickbats.

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

I wrote on 15.07.2017, that the stock market was overvalued. At that time Sensex just went past 32000.What worried me was that Sensex and Nifty were trading at 25 x. Sensex and nifty P/E ( price-earning ratio) over 25 was hardly justifiable given the  macro-economic fundamentals like GDP growth , export and so on. Historically there were a few occasions when P/E of broad base market indicators rose above 25. Even when it went past sporadically beyond that number, such dizzy heights were hardly sustainable. On the contrary more often than not they were precursors to ‘bubbles’. But the rally continued and this year, the day before the budget, on 31st January 2018, sensex rose to  36283.

When the market was on a roller-coaster ride after January last year ( 2017), I kept on maintaining that the ‘exuberance’ was liquidity driven and not based on fundamentals. The argument was partly supported by  the fact that 10 year bond yield started steadily falling from above 9 % in May 2014 to 6.24 % till the beginning of December 2016, post demonetization. A sizable portion of the liquidity ( cheap money)  created post demonetization did flow to the market directly and indirectly ( through mutual fund). The upshot is - after dismal 2016, the market gathered strength throughout 2017, and till January 2018 , market( sensex) grew from 26624 in December 2016 to reach 36283 on 31st January 2018 – registering a rise of 36% in 13 months. The other big reason for rally was - the markets of major economies, USA, in particular, witnessed sustained rally. The global GDP registered an impressive growth. All these enhanced investors’ sentiment in India though going by the India specific fundamentals there was no reason for market to reach such a height. On the contrary due to hasty implementation of imperfect  GST, tax collection suffered whereas government expenditure increased substantially following pay hike for employees pursuant to implementation of seventh pay commission recommendation resulting in fiscal mismanagement. Fiscal deficit has exceeded the budgeted figure. To manage fiscal deficit the government issued and continues to issue bond sucking the liquidity and enhancing the bond yield. The bond yield has increased steadily but surely from 6.52% in July 2017 to 7.72% in February 2018. Apparently market underplayed its impact. And at this stage a ‘nudge’ was needed to make the market understand the reality – that eventually came in the form of  investors ‘unfriendly’ budget by proposing tax on dividend payment by mutual fund and long term capital gain on sale of  shares etc. In quick succession came the political turmoil in the form of loss in by-election by BJP in UP and Bihar, TDP coming out of ruling alliance deepening further political uncertainty in the run up for 2019 general election. In coming months there will be crucial Karnataka election followed by election in MP, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh. All these election results will have serious implication on market and its valuation. Market will remain choppy and volatile.  

 A worrying feature is  that the banks have started selling mutual fund products to the depositors quite aggressively in last couple of years. As the deposit rates came down, gullible and clueless depositors were lured by the bank employees to invest in the different category of equity mutual funds ( equity funds). The bank employees are given target, as a result – such employees behave like ‘portfolio managers’ who advise the depositors and customers based on return only. They hardly know about the risk involved in equity and fixed income securities investments , many shades of risk like interest rate risk, inflation risk, default risk, diversifiable risk , market risk and so on, how such risks are measured etc. It is okay if a person invests in an instrument with full knowledge of ‘risk and return’ profile of the investment. It is ‘blasphemy’ on the part of the banks to lure the poor depositors to invest in a product they do not know of adequately. A person who traditionally deposits in savings account and fixed deposit account knows that he will get the nominal sum with stipulated interest. He is assured  of getting back the principal. He is not certainly aware that a GOI bond investment may not give him back the principal if there is a rise of market interest rate.  I doubt - how many bank employees advising the depositors about mutual fund products, themselves know about the risk of such investments.

In a situation like this, depositors and retail investors – BEWARE. Think before you invest in equity and debt mutual funds. Till 2019 market will remain choppy, volatile and extremely uncertain. If you really have to invest in mutual fund- understand there is RISK – particularly in short term. If you have patience to wait then only invest and, before investment, sought for advice from qualified SEBI registered mutual fund brokers who are into mutual fund business only. It is none of bankers’ or chartered accountant’s business to advise you about your investment portfolio unless they possess specialized knowledge and hands on experience in the subject.

HDFC securities has been serving a diverse customer base of retail and institutional investors, since 2000.
Headquartered in Mumbai, it offers an exhaustive product suite to help its customers invest in Equities, IPO/OFS, Buybacks, Mutual Funds, ETFs, Futures & Options for - Equity, Currency and Commodities, Fixed Deposits, Bonds, NCDs and National Pension Scheme, along with value added services like Online Will writing and Tax filing. The company offers a host of digital platforms like Mobile Trading App, Desktop based online trading facility, ProTerminal- an advanced trading platform and Arya- a voice enabled investing assistant. It also offers Call N Trade facility and dedicated Relationship Managers to assist customers. 
Since its inception, the company has established itself as a preferred trading platform (for NSE & BSE), with its integrated 3-in-1 account (Trading + Demat + Savings) backed by state-of-the-art technology. Over the years, the company has won many awards and recognitions. It is been contributing in various CSR activities pertaining to education, water, sanitation, financial awareness and medical assistance. Currently, the company has 250+ branches across 190 cities, serving over 2.1 million customers. 

Financial Services

Mumbai, Maharashtra

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Associate at Blackstone | UC Berkeley MFE

UC Berkeley MFE

Master of Financial Engineering Candidate at UC Berkeley | Fall Associate Intern at Morgan Stanley

Exotics Option Trader at Barclays | MFE, UC Berkeley

Quantitative Investment Strategy | Master of Financial Engineering, UC Berkeley

Sources: Economic Times, Financial Express & Live Mint

Hey there! This article is based on our second year major project of KL University named SDP(skill development project). On this regard a research work should be published. How we interacted with the user and what are the key insights that we gained and how we are going to design our project is this article all about.

Team Mates :

1) VENKATA SOWMYA KANCHARLA

2)KONDAVEETI SRAVANI

3)YAMINI CHOWDARY VAKALAPUDI

Our batch number is 485

Introduction :

The Stock Exchange Management System (SEM) refers to the system and processes to manage the stock of organization with the involvement of Technology system. The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in countries in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined.

Capital Market : Capital market is where both equity and debt instrument like equity shares, preference shares, debentures, bonds, etc. are bought and sold.

Functions of Capital Market:

Classification:

There are two types of capital market

1. Primary market - The primary market is a new issue market; it solely deals with the issues of new securities. A place where trading of securities is done for the first time.

Functions of Primary Market:

2. Secondary market - The secondary market is a place where trading takes place for existing securities. It is known as stock exchange or stock market. Here the securities are bought and sold by the investors. 

Functions of Secondary Market:

What actually is Stock Exchange?

Stock Exchange is an association or a individual which is established for the purpose of assisting, regulating, and controlling business in buying, selling and dealing in securities.

Functions of Stock Exchange:

Objectives and Goals of SEM:

1. To provide a fair, transparent and efficient securities market to investors using electronic trading system.

2. To establish nationwide trading facility for equities and debt instruments.

3.To ensure equal access to investors all over the country through an appropriate communication network.

ABSTRACT:

The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined. In order to make all the problems more comprehensive trading method in the world is used.

SURVEY:

THE STOCK EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS SURVEY will be conducted by our team members where we can understand the requirements of the users as well as the problems being faced by them The stock exchange represents one of the key institutions responsible for proper functioning of economy as a whole. This fact is true for all countries and helps explain why so much attention is given to regulation, monitoring and advancement of the exchanges. In order to gain the trust of all the participants in the capital market, the stock exchange is made completely transparent, so to speak, yet completely secure. It means that the trading rules on the stock exchange are known to the public, but the way in which the actual stock exchange works and the way in which these rules are implemented remains a well kept secret. Therefore no specific information can be obtained about the information systems of the stock exchange, only some general specifications of technical infrastructure.

MODULES:

We are thinking of four modules which consists of :

1. The development of the system that would handle the trading of bonds

2. Expanding the system by introducing new trading methods

3. Trading with all market materials

4. Introducing remote access Development and implementation of the stock exchange information system represents a responsible and difficult task, the realization of which require substantial financial resources, as well as human and technical resources. Limited material, staff and technical resources were the main factors that influenced many countries that were undergoing a period of transition to take over the stock exchange information systems of countries with developed market economies.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT METHODOLOGY :

Project management is mainly defined as being able to apply skills, knowledge and techniques in such a way as to finish all the necessary work and jobs that the project itself demands, or, in other words, that are vital to the successful completion of the project. Therefore the analysis was made of all previously existing project management methodologies. The conclusion drawn from this analysis was that the chosen methodology must always be clearly defined and applicable to most IT projects.

Contents of the article and the concepts:

I) Photos during the interaction, interviews and conducting surveys:

II) Charts and graphs on surveys we conduct - using google forms survey.

III) Video recording - (Interview with users)

IV) Online Research Links:

A number of brokerages and financial institutions provide online platforms for exchanging currency, .These platforms provide buy and sell prices, charts for trend analysis and economic reports to help with exchange decisions. Banks, hedge funds and traders use these types of platforms to speculate in currencies, trying to generate returns for their clients or themselves. Despite the risks associated with buying and selling currencies , it’s one of the best ways to exchange large sums of money.

        

    Online Searching portals:

1.)https://www.5paisa.com/online-trading

2.) https://ttweb.indiainfoline.com/trade/login.aspx

3.) https://trade.angelbroking.com/

4.) https://upstox.com/

5.) https://www.edelweiss.in/market

V) The customer journey map :

One of the advantages of the stock exchange is that is enjoys economies of scale because so much money passes through it. This helps to keep costs low, making it less expensive to buy and sell stocks.

A stock exchange can use millions of transactions to spread fixed costs of setting up and maintaining orderly and secure trading

Our customer journey map link

https://custellence.com/app/public/40207017

VI) User persona :

A user persona is a semi-fictional character based on your current or ideal customer. Personas can be created by talking to users and segmenting by various demographic and psychographic data to improve your product marketing.

VII) Empathy Map

An empathy map is a collaborative tool teams can use to gain a deeper insight into their customers. Much like a user persona, an empathy map can represent a group of users, such as a customer segment.

An Affinity Diagram is a tool that gathers large amounts of ideas, opinions, issues and organizes them into groupings based on their natural relationships. The Affinity process is often used to group ideas generated by Brainstorming.

Customer Journey Map:

Customer journey mapping also called user journey mapping is the process of creating a visual story of your customers' interactions with your brand. This exercise helps businesses step into their customer's shoes and see their business from the customer's perspective.

IX) Meeting with SDP2 Our Faculty Team (Recording)

(will be updated soon)

X) The Final List Of Users:

Most of the people these days tend to buy stocks online; it's much easier and quicker. Therefore, it's only natural that this activity is growing more interest and desire for people to try it themselves.

1)stock buyers

2)stock sellers

3) invested people(to keep a track on their stock prices)

4) working in stock markets

XI) User Stories For Each User:

Note: Permission has been taken from all the people shown in this article to upload it.

*********************************************

All the content present in this article is original work of SDP - 2 (Batch-485)

Reuse of the same content is strictly prohibited except for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research.

Author's written permission to be taken in prior to reuse the content.

*************************************************

Thank you!!!

Traction validation enginner at Alstom

#greenhydrogen is future fuel.

40,585 followers

ACME Group is grateful to the Government of Karnataka for their vision in building the State as a Green Hydrogen hub and extending their full support to this project.  Invest in Karnatka Invest India 

#greenhydrogen #greenenergy #renewableenergy #solarenergy #energyindustry #energytransition

To view or add a comment, sign in

Procedure to install Rooftop Solar panels.

 https://lnkd.in/gKwPjDGV

#solarenergy #solarpower #rooftop #MNRE Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) 

Remembering ‘Missile Man of India’ — Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam — on his 7th death anniversary.
#india #scienceandtechnology

#harmonics is basically the occurrence of non-sinusoidal #voltage and #current in the #power system network. Causes: Nonlinear characterstics of 1) #transformers, 2) Rotating machine, 3) Facts devices, 4) Power electronics components, 5) Welding tools, 6) #renewableenergy  integration, 7) #hvdc  network.
Impact of harmonics: 1) Malfunction of control devices, 2) Line losses, 3) Decrease in equipment lifetime, and 4) Losses in the utility equipment like Transformer, rotating machine, capacitor bank. 

Source: Power Quality in Power Systems and Electrical Machines

#powerquality

The power companies worldwide choose DC Transmission Network (DCTN) over conventional power AC Transmission Network (ACTN) due to its significantly lesser transmission losses. But the power system faults have an adverse effect (i.e., arises Power Quality (PQ) issues, low #reliability, and stability) on both DCTN and ACTN. DCTN 
consists of more power electronics devices than ACTN. The main component of DCTN is converters, so during any faulty condition, the DC system suffers from higher harmonics and other transient conditions. Therefore, this paper analyzes symmetrical and unsymmetrical faults for conventional #inverter  (INV) and Multi Modular Converter (MMC) based DCTN. Various parameters like Modulation Index (MI), Active Reactive power, and other controlling 
parameters are analyzed. The results of this paper show how 
MMC performs much better during fault conditions than INV 
for DCTN.
#powerquality #harmonics #converters #ieee CMR Institute of Technology, Bengaluru

Dear Sir/Mam, 
Greetings from CMR Institute of Technology, Bengaluru Institute of Technology, Bengaluru.
We are pleased to inform you that the Department of Electrical & Electronics Engineering is organizing A Two Day Hybrid Hands-on Workshop on "Engineer Your Career in Finance" from 29th & 30th June 2022 @ 2 PM to 4 PM

About The Workshop:
Many Engineers follow the path of becoming a Finance professional in the future. It’s not only rewarding as a career; an Engineer always has the added advantage of being good at numbers. The webinar aims to build a base for understanding the basics of the Financial Sector where Engineers can make a fruitful career. It will give a glimpse of the basics of understanding the investment avenues available and might be of interest to Engineering graduates when it comes to career building. A detailed understanding of the Stock markets in India will open the various careers in Finance be it trading, stock analysis, industry analysis, economic analysis, investment banking and credit ratings etc. 
Objectives of the Workshop:
Day 1: 29th June 2022, 2:00 PM to 4 PM
Job Profiles suitable for Engineers.
Some Statistics show the number of engineers opting for business education
Qualities of Engineers suitable for a Finance Career.
How to steer your career in the finance sector
Companies with record selections of Engineers in finance profiles. 
Financial Planning as a career. 

Day 2: 30th June 2022, 2:00 PM to 4 PM
Financial Planning Basics. 
Knowing the traditional Investment Evenue. 
Understanding the various ways of investing in the stock market. 
Basic Understanding of Stock market. 
How to buy and sell stocks. 
Investing in derivatives. 
The outcome of the Workshop:
The major outcome of this workshop is to show the direction to the budding engineers in the aspects of opting for their career in finance. Also, to get them motivated into distinct career planning. 
Details of the Resource Person:
Mr Mithun Kumar Guha
Program Coordinator, Head - Placements. 
NSHM Knowledge Campus, West Bengal.

Registration Link: Registration Fee INR 100/- & In House Registrants (CMRIT) Fee INR 50/-

All the participants are requested to Register at: https://lnkd.in/duZkVG_M 

#finance  #education  #business #investment #career #job  #stockmarket #trading #engineering

Market Intelligence, News, Events for Cleantech, Renewable Energy Companies

#Odisha has significant potential for #solaropenaccess due to large-scale industries in the western region. Odisha installed 17 MW of #openaccess #solar in Q1 2022, according to Mercom India Research’s newly released report Mercom India Solar Open Access Market Report Q1 2022. 
https://lnkd.in/dU99ghZY

BLACK START is the process of restoring a power unit(s) to operation without relying on external electric power from the transmission network. Typically, a plant coming online requires electricity for startup units and control equipment. When the entire grid is down, plants have no external sources of power to restart, and thus rely on a dedicated black start power plant
Different #blackstart power plants are diesel generators, nuclear and hydropower plants.  
#emergencymanagement #powerplant #backuppower #blackout

Renewable power generation costs have fallen sharply over the past decade (i.e from 2010-2020).  Most projects in the #IRENA Renewable Cost Database are in #China (740 GW), the #unitedstates  States (208 GW), #India (140 GW), and #Germany (90 GW).
For #solarpvsystem 
As per global weighted-average #LCOE of utility-scale #solar #PV for newly commissioned projects fell by 85% between 2010 and 2020, from USD 0.381/kWh to USD 0.057/kWh. 
For #onshorewind 
For onshore wind projects, the global weighted-average cost of electricity between 2010 and 2020 fell by 56%, from USD 0.089/kWh to USD 0.039/kWh, as average capacity factors rose from 27% to 36% and total installed costs declined from USD 1 971/kW to USD 1 355/kW. 
For #offshorewind 
For offshore wind, the global weighted-average LCOE of newly commissioned projects declined from USD 0.162/kWh in 2010 to USD 0.084/kWh in 2020, a reduction of 48% in 10 years.
for #CSP
Over the period 2010 to 2020, the global weighted-average cost of electricity from CSP fell 68% from USD 0.340/kWh to USD 0.108/kWh.
Between 2010 and 2020, 60 GW of new #bioenergy for power capacity was added.
United States- LCOE reduction – 88% (1st position)
Sweden- #LCOE reduction – 84% (2nd position)
#India - LCOE reduction – 83% (3rd position)
China- LCOE reduction - 70% (4th position)
#Japan, #India and the #Republic of #Korea together contributed another 13.7 GW of new #pv  capacity during 2020
#ResidentialsolarPV total installed costs in India declined 73% between 2013 and 2020.
As per IRENA report, 2020 data available from #India, #china , Australia, #spain , and #malaysia  since 2013 shows that in these locations, which have good #irradiation conditions and have experienced increasingly competitive total installed costs, very #low LCOEs can be achieved.
The lowest installed costs for large #hydropower  were in #China and India There, the weighted-average installed cost was USD 1 314/kW in China, while in #India it was USD 1 373/kW.
weighted-average capacity factors of #bioenergy -fired power generation projects for the period 2000 to 2020. According to the IRENA cost database, North America showed the highest weighted-average capacity factor – 85%– followed by Europe, with 82%, India with 68%. China and the rest of the world showed lower weighted-average capacity factors of 64% and 67%.
#revenue #finance #solarenergy #global #report 
#IRENAreport2020 #RenewPowerreport2020 RenewPower agora é KnowHow Eficiência Energia

824 followers

Its been like 4 - 1/2 Years for us since we ventured into India's Long Distance Trucking Business.

The Trucking Freight rates for 32FT MXL, have a very curious set of Numbers, that make this Industry, extremely challenging to operate and Innovate.

Most Express Logistics Companies Expect to get 32FT MXL Container trucks at Rs. 26-27 / KM ( All Inclusive) with 30 -45 days payment and monthly running of about 8,000 KMS guaranteed.

Here are the Operating Cost and Fixed Cost of Each Truck (could vary from Company to company by 10%) based on 8000 KMS monthly Running.

TOTAL Cost / KM : Rs. 35.00 per KM

Revenue : Rs. 27.00 per KM

Essentially, the only way to reduce this gap is to Increase the KMS / Month.

To add to this problem, is the CV Manufacturers, like TATA / LEYLAND / EICHER, offering frequent deep discount on purchase of New Trucks, sinking the freight rates further as over supply results in cut throat competition.

When there is daily grind to survive, there is hardly any time or energy left for INNOVATION.

Most Truckers, resort to cut the Maintenance cost to survive, resulting in poorly maintained trucks.

The SOLUTION : All Major players have to start with MINIMUM Rs. 32.00 / KM during contract negotiations with 10,000 KMS / Month base line. Don't buckle under pressure. If you have EMI free Trucks, remember, that once present truck reaches its End-of-Life, you need to INVEST IN FLEET REPLACEMENT.

We know that some fleet operators, can try to disturb the market, however, if we all put out these numbers to our customers, and then negotiate, we may have better chances of survival. It's Important to SPEAK OUT. And we have already begun the process. Its a tough long journey, cause customers have been used to Unviable Freight Rates for far too long.

However, for the Betterment of Drivers, for the Increased road Safety, for sustainable business, for our Bankers / Financiers, for our Team, and above All, for the Future of Logistics Industry, we need to GET VIABLE FREIGHT RATES.

Let me know your comments and how we can make INDIA'S LONG DISTANCE Trucking better.

A new tranche of RBI’s Sovereign Gold Bonds (SGB) Scheme 2021-22 has opened today and it will remain open till 29th October. Here’s a primer on Sovereign Gold Bonds.

A sovereign gold bond is a paper-based or digital way to invest in gold.

The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) offers Sovereign Gold Bonds on behalf of the Indian government. Each bond is equal to one gram of gold of 999 purity.

The current price of gold gets reflected in the price of the bonds issued. The price of a gold bond is released before it becomes open for subscription. So, a simple average of gold prices over the previous three business days is used. The India Bullion and Jewelers Association Limited publishes a price for 999 pure gold, which is taken into consideration.

The current issue price is Rs. 4,765 per gram of gold.

Sovereign gold bonds come with a maturity of eight years. However, you can exit SGB after five years by selling your bonds on the exchange.

You can purchase sovereign gold bonds through mobile banking, net banking or even by submitting a physical form to your bank. Nowadays, various brokerages and investment platforms also offer sovereign gold bonds as an investment avenue. 

Here are some of the advantages of Sovereign Gold Bonds:

Just like any other investment option, gold bonds also has some disadvantages.

Should I invest in Sovereign Gold Bonds?

You can invest in SGB if you are looking to diversify your portfolio. Moreover, gold bonds can also be a good option if you take non-physical exposure to gold. 

“Gold bonds(SGB) are a great option for investing especially for low-risk investors. This option gives lots of benefits like low cost, secured against physical risk, can be a source of passive income, the maturity amount is tax-exempt. Though investors should understand that hold investment should be part of your portfolio for hedging and diversification purpose. Also, should be limited to 10-15% of total portfolio,” says Gayatri Jagdale, Founder, Fund-Matters.

Conclusion: 

If you love gold as an investment or hoard gold for safety purposes, you can try sovereign gold bonds. In the current situation, the sovereign gold bond is one of the best ways to invest in gold. 

 

LinkedIn User

Welcome to #stockmarket

 #Nykaa net profit at Rs 1.2 crore for last quarter. #Market cap Nykaa is 1.1 lacs Cr

#TATA steel net profit at Rs 12,500 crore for last quarter. #Market cap Tata steel is 1.5 lac cr

 #shareholders #share #marketplace #gambling #sharemarket #sharemarketindia #sharemarketnews #sharemarkettraining #shareholdervalue #sharetheknowledge
        

We are Hiring!! 

Job Location: - Kaushambi NCR Delhi

Requirement: Semi qualified #CA/ #qualified  CA with below competency:

1. #GST Working & filing 
2. Good Understanding of Direct & Indirect #Taxation 
3. #TDS Working & filing
4. Bookkeeping working 
5. Payroll Working
6. Balance Sheet Working
7. Good Communication, writing & soft Skills
8. Good at excel
9. Good at Managing multiple clients
10. Open to study specific subject matter case to case basis

Immediate joinee will be preferred.

Drop Resume in inbox: - casharma.sharad2000@gmail.com
        

*Urgent Hiring*
Hiring for qualified Chartered Accountant 

1) Experience: 0-1year

2) Number of Vacancy : 1

3) Job Type : Full Time

4) Salary : 25k- 40k

5) Location : Kaushambi, Delhi NCR 

Interested candidates can send there resume on 
WhatsApp no - 9718242785 (Shivangi Gupta)
Mail id - shivangigupta.ksvg@gmail.com

#cajobs #jobsearch #accountsjobs #charteredaccountant
        

Supreme Court upholds validity of PMLA; passage of amendments as money bill to be decided by larger bench.

*Gist of SC Judgment*
1) SC upheld ED powers of inquiry, arrest, and attachment of property. The bench upholds the validity of various provisions of the PMLA and says that stringent conditions for bail under the Act are legal and not arbitrary.
2) ED, SFIO, DRI officials not "police" -- statements recorded during the inquiry are valid evidence, the bench says.
3) However, the apex court held that the question of enactment of amendments in 2019 to the PMLA Act as money bill has to be decided by a larger bench of seven judges before whom the same question is already pending.
4) SC also says that it is not mandatory for ED officers to disclose the ground of arrest at the time of detaining an accused in a money laundering case.
5)The top court upholds strict bail provisions under the PMLA.
6) The bench says it is not necessary to give an ECIR copy to the accused

 #legal #property #money #police #supremecourt
        

आप सभी सोशल मीडिया परिवार के लोगो को गुरु पूर्णिमा की हार्दिक बधाई एवं शुभकामनाएं।

Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh 
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)
        

Corporate lessons from political happenings in Maharashtra

1. Top Boss must be accessible to ALL: MLAs rebelled due to inaccessible CM. 

2. Wrong business Alliances can break your company: SS entered into an alliance which was against the political ideology. Cultural integration became an issue, ultimately failed. 

3. If unemployed, be ready to accept one level down position: Devendra Fadanvis assumed the post of Deputy CM after serving as the CM in his last stint. 

4. Experience is superior to the inheritance: 2/3 of the MLAs supported Mr. Shinde who is a home grown talent of the party over the political heirs of Late Shri Balasaheb Thackeray. 

5. Do not neglect your middle management: a neglected middle manager can be the future CEO of another company..

6. When the other party needs an alliance: negotiate hard- NCP and INC grabbed meaty portfolios in previous govt. They were aware about the shorter life span of the alliance. 

And the last one: CEO can't be on WFH 


 #business #management #talent #wfh #leadership #experience #learning #marketing #motivation #india #future #ceo 

Copied
        

IL&FS FRAUD: India's audit watchdog National Financial Reporting Authority (NFRA) finds lapses in EY's audit, says the audit firm's appointment was illegal, and the auditor compromised the independence. #SRBC 

#Source: NFRA's Audit Quality Report of the Statutory Audit for FY18 for IL&FS. The 384-page long report has many findings for EY! 

#Auditlatest #Auditors #NFRA #Audit #ILFS #auditorindependence 

https://lnkd.in/d9NBzah3
        

Today a courtesy meeting was made with the personality-rich Honorable Purushottam Rupala ji, Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairy, Government of India and his consent was obtained for the upcoming program.

 #india
        

Vacancy at RK Bhalla & Co, Chartered Accountants

CA with 0-2 years experience/Semi-qualified with 5 years experience/
Ca articles

Work Exposure -Internal Audits, Statutory Audits, Tax Audits, Bank Audits, GST Consultancy

Location - West Punjabi Bagh, Delhi

Interested candidates, please contact:
CA Suraj Bhalla
Email - casurajbhalla1@gmail.com
Mobile - 9811968321

CA Suraj Bhalla
        

CGST Gurugram issued a “bizarre” summons dated 17.05.2022 (see pic) later arrest CAs – Strange, (i) generated at 2022-05-17 20:22:15.0, call to be present at 8.30p.m. same day (within 8 minutes). Can the officer respond to how it is served? (ii) Strange Summon issued to “Firm” to be present. (iii) Strange - Mentioned produced document and things following description – but nothing mentioned. (iv) Strange – mentioned making inquiry under CGST – under which provisions – officer does not know. (vi) Strange – summons issued by officer mentioned many designations – he does not know his right designation. (v) Strange – mentioned making inquiry – nothing mentioned against whom & in which respect – then how a person to respond. (vi) Strange section 70 CGST state provisions of CPC, 1908 applies- but officer does not care. (vii) Strange – summons can be issued by “the proper officer”, not by any or every officer, but here it is not issued by proper officer. Summons become a tool to harass professionals and taxpayers. Expose Corrupt.

https://lnkd.in/d7a5kPHK
        

BEAUTIFUL STORY 🥰❤️❤️

My wife was sleeping next to me... and all of a sudden I got a Facebook notification, a woman asked me to add her. So I added her. I accepted the friend request and sent a message asking, "Do we know each other?"
She replied: "I heard you got married but I still love you."

She was a friend from the past. She looked very beautiful in the picture. I closed the chat and looked at my wife, she was sleeping soundly after her exhausting day of work. 
Looking at her, I was thinking about how she feels so safe that she can sleep so comfortably in a completely new home with me.

She is far from her parents' house, where she spent 24 hours surrounded by her family. When she was upset or sad, her mother was there so she could cry in her lap. Her sister or brother would tell jokes and make her laugh. Her father would come home and bring her everything she liked and still, she placeed so much trust in me.
All these thoughts came to mind, so I picked up the phone and pressed "BLOCK".
I turned to her and slept next to her. 

I am a man, not a child. I have sworn to be faithful to her and so it will be. I will fight forever to be a man who doesn't cheat on his wife and tear a family apart....

Credits : Posted by a lot of connections, I loved the story so , I couldn’t resist 🙈

#trust #love #house #trustworthy #trustworthiness #delhi ##delhincr #sleep #partnersforlife #partner
        

27,415 followers

April 25, 2019

1 like

April 2, 2019

March 1, 2019

2 likes

April 26, 2018

3 likes

October 18, 2016

August 31, 2016

6 likes4 comments

May 4, 2016

April 6, 2016

March 10, 2016

January 27, 2016

October 26, 2015

3 likes2 comments

October 13, 2015

5 likes1 comment

September 29, 2015

May 12, 2015

1 comment

April 28, 2015

1 like1 comment

April 22, 2015

April 8, 2015

March 31, 2015

March 17, 2015

March 10, 2015

Trading was different back when it all started. It was beyond the interest of those who had a 9 to 5 job. Till date I hear people say “I’ve heard good things about stocks, but how do I actually do it?”. Is the risk factor mentally  stopping us from investing? Is lack of knowledge the problem? I believe no matter what the road-block is, you can always find a way or a means to get there, if you really wish to. No matter what your background is, you can start learning about stocks as well as other investments.

 Stories of the past are important as they give you an understanding of the potential of the system. You get to understand what trading was and what it has now become. So before I tell you about what or who will be the next generation of traders, let me tell you about how, why and where it all started...

 Humble Beginnings

 The simple and informal beginnings of stock exchanges in India take one back to the 1850s when 22 stockbrokers began trading opposite the Town Hall of Bombay under a banyan tree. The first organised stock exchange in India was started in 1875 at Bombay and it is stated to be the oldest in Asia. In 1894 the Ahmedabad Stock Exchange started to facilitate dealings in the shares of textile mills there.

 Today, the stock exchange no longer happens face to face in an office like you see in the movies. Shouting on telephones to get your order punched is a thing of the past.  All thanks to technology. 

 Today trading takes place electronically and involves a broker who has your financial information to facilitate transfers between your bank and brokerage. When you place an order, technology enables the brokerage to interact with all the securities exchanges looking to execute trades. 

 Let’s Head Towards The Pandemic

 With banks lowering their interest rates, job loss, salary cuts, ease of opening a demat account online, more time at hand due to working from home and people looking for alternative sources of income, online trading became a boon.

 As of January 2021, India had a total of 5.15-crore demat accounts, compared with 4.08-crore as of financial year 2020 and 3.59-crore as of FY19. [Source] The aspiration of the middle class itself created a demand for easier ways to trade. Smartphones and better internet connectivity in remote areas also facilitated demat account openings. 

 After Maharashtra and Gujarat, which traditionally have been leading the market when it comes to investors and investment, the third is UP with 52.3 lakh investor accounts (very small compared with the state’s huge population of about 20 crore), fourth is Tamil Nadu with 42.3 lakh accounts, and the neighbouring Karnataka is closely behind with 42.2 lakh ranking fifth.

 The tiniest territory Lakshadweep has the lowest number of demat account holders at just about 480, following Andaman & Nicobar with 9,700 accounts, according to the BSE data. But, a vast majority of these accounts are inactive. An industry study in March 2020 said only a fourth of then 4 crore accounts were active.[Source]

 Whether people had knowledge of trading or not, the number of demat account openings grew. 

The Baby Boomer Reaction To Trading

 All the while our brains were programmed to not take a risk. From the time we were kids till the time we got jobs. Infact getting a job is testimony of the fact that your thinking is influenced by the fear of failure. No institution teaches us how to be okay with failure and risk and how it actually helps us. Except for the few quotes on the internet today. That’s not enough. 

 So this is the path our baby boomer generation took and they watched while there were some skewed towards trading in those days. 

 Now this generation is nearing or has reached the retirement stage wondering if they have enough for themselves. They are also considering whether they should manage their own trading account or hire someone to do it for them. Unlike generation Z.

 What Happened To That 9 To 5 Job?

 Having a second income is not only the smart thing to do, but has also become a popular trend, courtesy - pandemic. So partnerships, side hustles, franchises, freelance and everything else including investing in stocks started catching pace. People kept their day time job and made sure something more was happening in the background. While the pandemic was unfortunate, I also personally think that the pandemic created an environment where people learnt lessons in management, business and economics for the millennials. It pushed adults to break away from their traditional 9 to 5 jobs and do what they love, learn something new and invest so that their money grows. People started realising the importance of making money work for them. There is always a risk in trading and any investment for that matter, but there is great risk if you don’t invest. Trading is like any other job. It needs strategy, patience and grit. 

 In Comes Generation Z: The Next Generation Of Traders

Generation Z, are those born between the year 1997 – 2012. They are rarely influenced by rules and want to be their own boss. To them, social media is a tool through which they learn and display their achievements. All technology and finance has done is given them an opportunity to be more of the entrepreneur they are. They are the ones taking trading mainstream to the extent that they think of pursuing it as a career. 

 Hope the next few years will start to see wider audiences for trade, along with education shifting towards covering topics on management and investment too. 

Home Alone !
        

Over 1.7 Lakh new residential units were launched in 2021 across the top six cities namely MMR, Pune, Gurugram, Noida, Bengaluru and Hyderabad. MMR recorded the maximum number of launches capturing more than a quarter of the total share. 2021 was a year when both the developers as well as the buyers appeared optimistic about the realty market. Attributed to the strong homeownership sentiments, sales of residential units picked up pace and to keep up with this momentum developers responded by launching new residential projects.

Click here to read our detailed analysis on the New Project Launches in 2021: https://lnkd.in/d4eHGXZx

Stay tuned for more such insights!

#SquareYards #RealEstate #RealEstateIndia #IndianRealEstate #Overview #Sales #Transaction #Homes #Property #HomeBuying #HomeBuyer #PropertyBuying #ResidentialHomes #ResidentialProperty #PropertySale #Stats #Research #Numbers #Infographics #RealEstateStats #RealEstateTrends #RealEstateNumbers #Marketing #RealEstateMarketing
        

These two will add more glitters to the already shinning Indian #Fintech story-
* #Rupay #creditcard on #UPI
* #CrossBorder bill payments. 

#globalfintechfest2022
        

Disruption: Can Banks Strike Back? 

Arthur D. Little Philippe De Backer Juan Gonzalez Ron Shevlin 💯 Jim Marous Panagiotis Kriaris Ramana Kumar A Andrew Banks Ali Khan Tristan Brandt #disruption #banks Couchonomics with Arjun Singh #Couchonomics #strikeapose #fintech #agility #disruption #data #digital Rocío Castedo
        

Speaking at the Global Fintech Fest on Tuesday, Praveena Rai, chief operating officer, National Payments Council of India (NPCI) said that UPI123Pay, the new payment method has seen some early traction with over 2 lakh active users.

Praveena Rai | National Payments Corporation Of India (NPCI)

Story by - Sheersh Kapoor

#gff #UPI #featurephones #npci #globalfintechfest #RBI #BFSI #finance #economy
        

Inspiring .. suniel shetty
        

My professional journey has been long, wide & winding. 

By 21, I was a settled restaurateur and most people expected me to stick to that path. 

At 24, I was drawn to fashion merchandising. To some, it seemed silly to give up a flourishing family business and start out in fashion, but that leap led me to building out my first baby, Mischief! 

At 28, my closest friends thought it was ridiculous to give up being a fashion entrepreneur to pursue a career in films.  

Restaurateur to Merchandiser. Retailer to Actor. NGO to Real Estate. Brand Ambassador to Mentor. Film Producer to Startup Founder :)  

While it was uncommon back then to make career switches, things are different today. Education today has become specific to interests, and ultimately careers. 

I’ve met several young professionals who have upskilled, reinvented themselves, pivoted to different industries, or made a big switch in their careers, especially in the post Covid world. 

What hasn't changed though, is what one needs to do in order to succeed at making such changes and transitions. 

These have been some of my guiding principles whenever it came to making those transitions, 

1. Family - always take your family into confidence. If there’s any resistance, work through it. My parents, my sisters Suj & Sumi, my wife Mana and now my kids, are always a part of any key decision. My dad always said, ‘One life to live, give it your best’, and knowing I had his blessings did magic for my confidence. 

2. Plan - Make a roadmap, with little milestones. Identify areas that need special focus. Speak to people, gather intelligence and prepare well. I did a whole lot of homework about the real estate business before we broke ground with our first project. 

3. X Factor - Figure out what it is that you can bring to the table that most others can't. When I opened my first fashion store, I was sourcing stuff from international markets way before anyone else did. Midnight sales were a huge hit @ Mischief, probably because it was unheard of in the early 90’s. 

4. Network - Build connections, and maintain them. Don’t do this with the hope of gaining something. Do it from a genuine place, and add value to their lives. Yes, be genuine in your approach to networking. Some connections, I've now nurtured for close to 40 years. 

5. Improve, consistently  - Keep finding ways at getting better. Upskill. It’s simple, there’s no way around this. When my team & I started our content company, I could not afford to think like a film actor or producer. I just HAD TO think and act like the Founder of a bootstrapped venture. And it meant having to reinvent and learn a lot of new things. 

Most importantly, be HAPPY in whatever you do. 

For all of you who’re in the process of making a change, I truly hope these will help. 

Good luck, and keep going 🚀

#careerswitch #transitions
        

Happy to be part of building Digital KCC for banks in India 🇮🇳 reaching it to farmers ..
        

An Insightful address by the Hon. Governor of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) .Shri. Shaktikanta Das. He shared a lot of strong initiatives  by the Central Bank to promote the Fintech ecosystem and the culture of innovation in the country.He spoke about digital transformation and the digital currency plans in a phase wise manner starting from wholesale payments and then moving forward to include the entire economy.  He emphasized the need for reducing the turn around time and introducing frictionless disbursing credit and spoke of innovations in Kissan or Rural credit by thehe efforts of  Innovation hub.
Initiatives for Payment Aggregrators will include IRDAI and SEBI regulated entities as well said the Governor. Three products are being launched alongaode the address and this includes UPI lite, Linking credit card to UPI and cross border bill payments using BBPs.

He re-iterated the support of the regulator to strengthen the Fintech and Digital Teansformation of the Financial services sector. He also asked innovators to be responsible and have transparent governance for sustainability.

He said that the Regulator is working with agencies to white list the entities in providing digital credit. He assured that the RBI will continue to support innovation and urged to respect risk mitigation and regulatory frameworks and asked players to follow the traffic rules for safety of everyone in the system.
Manoj Agrawal Banking Frontiers  Prasanna Lohar Ram Rastogi 
        

Yulu raises US$82 million in Series B for global automotive giant Magna. 

This funding round is a confirmation for the growing importance of #electricalvehicles for sustainable and affordable micromobility solutions. 
        

Yes paid in kind / equity could be worth the value sometimes .. I have benefitted like that ..
        

I helped someone. And I got Rs. 1 crore in return.

Here’s what happened:

Back in 2008, when I quit my job at BharatMatrimony.com, I was offered to join a startup as an initial founding member, which I refused because I wanted to run my own venture.

Later, the CEO of the startup asked me to help him recruit key team members, which I did. Few months down the line, he offered to compensate me for my help, which I again refused.

However, he sent me a share certificate worth Rs. 60,000.

The story doesn't end here.

I almost forgot about the shares until 2017. That’s when I went out for lunch with my friend Santosh Shetty. He reminded me of the shares and told me that the company was now listed.

At home, I asked my wife if she knew where the share certificate was but she wasn’t aware of the incident at all. Several hours of searching the house yielded nothing and I gave up.
 
Later, when we were shifting our office in Mumbai, my office boy called me and said he had found one bag with many documents. 

And the share certificate was in there. I subsequently got them dematerialized - and discovered that they were now worth Rs. 1 crore.

So, the lesson here is - Always help someone without expecting anything in return. The universe has a funny way of conspiring to make it count.

And, hey, If a startup founder insists on paying you for voluntary help, let it be in the form of shares.

So, are you with me on this?

#startup #equity
        

RELIANCE SETTING THE TONE FOR A NEW INDIA 

This could be a big example that Reliance Industries Limited is setting for a country like ours that has various home grown family businesses, many of them which are now being run by 3-5 generations and even more 

It’s one that’s truly showcasing equality among the successors in a family business and more importantly still also putting a message out to the world at large too 

There’s been many a discussion about Women leading family business and then playing the #worklifebalance balance too and this one’s a great perspective to look at

In fact interesting to see BBC do a story of this as compared to an Indian #media group and it showcasing this succession plan rather well in one of the country’s largest #business groups 

That’s a great narrative and sure hope to see many more business groups follow the same too. Classifying some types of roles/ #jobs best suited to a particular sex is definitely passé 

https://lnkd.in/dxmta_B5
        

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor, Mr. Shaktikanta Das's Great Address at Global Fintech Fest 2022

India is  looking for forward upcoming right Innovations with Right Regulations... 

Exciting Time ahead ...

1. RBI Fintech Unit Formation 
2..On going Hackathon - Harbinger and It's success display at GFF 2022
3. Kisan Credit card Loan
4. Role of RBI Innovation Hub is very crucial ahead
5. Announcement of 5th RBI Fintech Cohort for all themes
6. Role of Sustainable Fintechs
7. CBDC Launch ..to begin with Wholesale CBDC and then Retail CBDC
8. Special support for Rural credit for India's growth story 
9. Account Aggregator Framework and its adoption SEBI IRDA PFRDA 
10. VKYC and CKYC onboarding and it's Innovation 
11. UPI Lite Launch 
12. Cross border billpay with BBPS Launch 
13. Rupay Credit Card linkage with UPI Launch 
14. Digital Lending Guidelines importance 
15. Rise of ONDC 
16 . Better Cyber Security .. Regulatory Compliance with Right Governance

Great to see ... Reserve Bank is looking forward for innovations are aligned with vision of Robust Customer Experience and Long term sustainability of Fintech.

✨✨🚀👍
        

Industry First Digital KCC , Union Bank Under RBIH and RBI Guidance .. 

Digital lending goes last mile for farmers. 

WhatsLoan is happy to be Fintech Partner  with Union Bank for this..
        

As part of flagship Digital Transformation project ‘Sambhav’, Ms. A. Manimekhalai, MD & CEO #UnionBankOfIndia launches an Industry-first, farmer-focused end-to-end digitalization of Kisan Credit Card to digitize the lending process, making it more efficient and farmer friendly. 
#UnionBankOfIndiaCares #GoodPeopleToBankWith #AmritMahotsav #DigitalApnayen
        

29,186 followers

ITC, Castrol India, Max Financial Services, Bajaj Consumer Care, and Zomato will be in focus as they declare their June quarter earnings today.

Indian Oil: The government-run Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) on Friday reported a net loss of ₹1,993 crore for the first quarter of the current financial year as against a net profit of ₹5,941 crore recorded in the corresponding period of the last year. The company's profit declined sharply due to high input costs. IOCs revenue from operations surged to ₹2,51,933 crore for the quarter ended June 30.

Bank of Baroda: State-owned Bank of Baroda on Saturday reported a 79.3% rise in its standalone profit after tax (PAT) to ₹2,168 crore in the quarter ended June 30, on higher growth in net interest income (NII). This compares with a profit after tax of ₹1,209 crore in the same quarter of the previous fiscal. Net interest income (NII) increased by 12% to ₹8,838 crore as against ₹7,892 crore in the year-ago period.

Indian Bank: Indian Bank on Saturday reported a 2.7% rise in net profit to ₹1,213.44 crore for the April-June quarter on tepid income growth even as provisioning came down by a fair margin. The state-run bank had posted a net profit of ₹1,181.66 crore in the corresponding quarter of June 2021. The total income of the bank during the April-June period of 2022-23 rose marginally to ₹11,758.29 crore from ₹11,444.27 crore in the year-ago period.

Torrent Power: Torrent Power on Saturday said it has acquired 100% stake in Wind Two Renergy Private Ltd (WTRPL) for ₹32.51 crore from Inox Green Energy Services. The company has acquired 3,25,10,000 equity shares of WTRPL at a face value of ₹10 each, a BSE filing said.

DLF: Realty major DLF's net debt reduced by 16% during the April-June period to ₹2,259 crore from the previous quarter on the back of strong housing sales. Its net debt stood at ₹2,680 crore at the end of the last fiscal. In an investor presentation, DLF said the company is "committed to further debt reduction in the medium term".

Zee Entertainment: Zee Entertainment on Friday said it has received approval from stock exchanges BSE and NSE for its proposed merger with Sony Pictures Networks India. The proposed merger with Culver Max Entertainment Private Limited (formerly Sony Pictures Networks India) has been approved by the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE), said a statement from Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd (ZEEL)

IDFC First Bank: IDFC First Bank on Saturday reported its highest ever net profit of ₹474 crore for the quarter ended June 2022, mainly driven by lower provisioning and higher income. The private sector lender had posted a net loss of ₹630 crore in the year-ago quarter. Sequentially, the net profit rose by 38.2% from ₹343 crore in the March 2022 quarter.

Yes Bank: After trials and tribulations on fundraising that lasted well over three years, Yes Bank on Friday announced that private equity funds Carlyle and Advent International will be investing USD 1.115 billion (around ₹8,900 crore) to fuel its future growth. Both the global PE funds will be acquiring a 10% stake each in the private sector lender, which had to be bailed out in an RBI and government-led reconstruction scheme for want of capital buffers and after the then management failed to sell the bank's story to investors.

Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals: MRPL s looking to expand its network of petrol pumps in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, as it looks to tap markets in the vicinity of its refinery, its chairman has said. MRPL's (Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd) petrol pump network is currently concentrated in Karnataka and Kerala. The subsidiary of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) has forayed into fuel retailing in a limited way, focusing on areas that are close to its oil refinery in Mangalore, Karnataka.

ONGC: ONGC Videsh Ltd, the overseas arm of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), and Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) are in talks to acquire a stake in Tullow Oil's Lokichar oil field in Kenya. Kenya's Cabinet Secretary in the Ministry of Energy Monica Juma in a tweet confirmed the talks.

Get watch our process Click here Ideal Stock Investment , daily call profit, Market News, Fill Our ask an Expert form

Jana Small Finance Bank (erstwhile Janalakshmi Financial Services Limited) commenced operations as a non-banking finance company (NBFC) on March 4, 2008, and was later classified as a non-banking finance company-microfinance institution (NBFC-MFI). The bank received a licence to set up a small finance bank on April 28, 2017 and commenced banking operations on March 28, 2018. Jana Holdings Limited (JHL), a non-banking finance company-non-operative financial holding company (NBFC-NOFHC), holds a 45.37% stake in JSFB as on February 28, 2019.

JSFB has a diversified presence across 18 states and 2 union territories in India, with a portfolio of Rs.7,164 crore as on November 30, 2018. The share of the top 3 states of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra was about 51% as on November 30, 2018. The bank raised Rs. 1,636 crore equity during FY2018 and Rs.601 crore during 11M FY2019 from existing and new investors.

For H1 FY2019, the bank has reported a net loss of Rs.1,291.8 crore on a managed portfolio of Rs.6,941 crore as on September 30, 2018. In FY2018, JSFB reported a net loss of Rs. 2,503.8 crore on a total managed asset base of Rs. 10,022.4 crore compared to a net profit of Rs. 170.1 crore on a total managed assets base of Rs. 15,730 crore during FY2017.

Credit challenges

Weak recoveries from harder overdue buckets continue to weigh down on asset quality - JSFB’s asset quality has remained weak with 90+ dpd3 at 31.7% (Rs.2,336.4 crore excluding write-off and Rs.3,264.4 crore including write-off) as on December 31, 2018 compared to Rs. 3,270.6 crore4 in March 2018 (Rs. 1,990 crores in March 2017) because of modest collections from the overdue buckets and limited impact of the various recovery programmes.

Outlook: Negative

The Negative outlook factors in the expected weakness in JSFB’ earnings and capital profile going forward. The ratings would be downgraded further if the bank’s recoveries and disbursements remain subdued thereby prolonging any meaningful improvement in its earnings and capitalisation, or if its liquidity profile deteriorates because of the bank’s inability to mobilise adequate external funding or deposits. The outlook would be revised to stable in case of a steady revival in its profitability indicators and improvement in its capital structure.

Mutual fund Holding of JSFB :

Should you invest?

Like any other commercial bank, deposit of up to ₹ 1 lakh is insured by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corp. (DICGC), a subsidiary of RBI. DICGC has a list of insured banks on its website, and as of know, seven of the 10 small finance banks are listed on its website.

“The credit rating practices and mechanism of small finance banks might not be at the same level as that of an older public or private sector bank. So, I would be circumspect about these new age small banks as compared to the older banks, and hence would classify them as somewhat risky.

It’s the economy, stupid. The stock market is down to a two-year low and the pace of fall is bringing back heart-stopping memories of 2008 (remember Lehman and the debacle that followed?). We’re down 12 percent already this year as foreign funds have withdrawn nearly $2 billion. Reasons are a dime a dozen – global gloominess, China jitters, Japan’s interest rates turning negative (yesterday’s trigger), disappointment with lack of progress in Indian reforms (the reason for the bull run in the first place) and worry about Indian company bottom lines. It’s not all bad, as this sounds like a short-term move and things continue to be on track in the long term. Almost all experts will recommend a wait and watch (and buy now, if you can), which is easier said than done. Here's a visual comparison of 2008 and 2016 by Mint newspaper.

*** 

Another cause of the bloodshed in the markets was bank results. Banks declared a sharp spike in their bad loans numbers, which sent investors fleeing. Here are some examples: Big daddy State Bank of India reported bad loans at 5.1 percent from 4.2 percent in the previous quarter. That means the bank also had to set aside more money to provide for those loans. The net results: Profit down 62 percent. Boom! The story is no different for the other banks. But, there’s a catch here. What we’re seeing is not worsening of the situation, but a more accurate reporting of it. So, rather than calling some bad loans as good, keeping your numbers rosy and investors happy, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has been pushing banks to “state the problem upfront and deal with it.” This also means the picture will get worse (as the bad loan numbers get clearer) before it gets better. Rajan seems to agree, as he chided “scare mongerers” for the jitters.

***

Following the TRAI decision, Facebook has shut down Free Basics in India. It had tentatively started offering it through its partner Reliance Communications, before TRAI ordered its suspension until it announced its decision.

Wipro continues its acquisition spree, snapping up its fourth buy this year (ending March). This time, it has spent $460 million on a health insurance tech firm, a growing area of business in the US, after Obamacare.

 ***

Cover Image: Heavy security at Bhojshala, a religious shrine that’s being shared by the Hindus and Muslims (who offer their Friday prayers here). Today, a Hindu festival clashes with the Friday prayers, which means – tension on the cards.

Must Reads:

India

On Free Basics:

Other Stuff:

International
Global Daily Pulse: When Black Holes Collide, Zuckerberg Scolds Andreessen, Ending US Imports Made by Slave Labor

Every morning, we'll share the top news from India that professionals need to know. Head over to the comments below if you have thoughts or ideas to share.

Click on the follow button above to not miss one. Follow the India in Business channel here and the Global Daily Pulse channel here. For the best reads, specially picked for you, there's the Editor's Picks channel.

For more news, download the Pulse app. And for even more, follow us on Twitter and Facebook. 

There is a famous saying “Borrowing and Spending Is Not The Way To Prosperity”.If you want to be rich, then borrowing is something you must never do. What about borrowing to invest in the stock market? Investing in good stocks gives youhigh returns in no time. You can pay back the borrowed money and then….The Profits Are All Yours.ButBorrowed money is not free.You have to pay interest on it. So what? The money you make in the stock market,will easily help you pay this interest. It’s the season of the bulls. Yes…It’s a bull market. Any stock you touch is going up. You have….The golden touch. Whatever you touch turns to gold. You are Warren Buffett…George Soros…Benjamin Graham…all combined. How can you ever lose money in the stock markets? It is wise to be cautious in these exciting times. Remember, “Fools rush in where angels fear to tread”. If this was so easy, everybody would be borrowing and investing in stocks. There has to be a catch… Yes, borrowing to invest in stocks could mean falling in a well so deep, there’s just no coming back. Want to know why borrowing to invest in stock markets is so dangerous?

Investing in stocks brings out emotions you never thought you had. Greed….Thrill…Fear….Panic…Despair. How about an interesting story?Anish who was 32 years, worked as a manager in a small factory. He loved his job, but not his salary. He earns a net monthly salary of INR 35,000. Anish was a heavy spender and his salary was never going to be enough.Anish made a resolution…”I want more money…fast. I can’t wait till I am old to enjoy myself”.This is when Anish decided to turn to the stock market, to get out of his misery. But Anish faced a small problem….He had no money to invest in the stock market. This is when a friend gave Anish a suggestion which seemed a great one at that time. Avail a personal loan and invest in stocks.Anish knew that banks would never give him a loan, if he told them he wanted the money, to invest in stocks.Anish also knew he did not have to give any reason to the bank, to avail a personal loan. Banks sanction a personal loan without asking for any reason.Anish availed a personal loan of INR 5 Lakhs at an interest rate of 18% a year. The tenure of the personal loan was 2 years. Anish has to pay an EMI of INR 25,000 a month.Anish invested the INR 5 Lakhs in stocks.

The stock market was enjoying a bull run and almost all stocks were zooming. The INR 5 Lakhs Anish had invested in stocks,was soon heading towards INR 7 Lakhs.Within a year the money Anish had invested in stocks had almost doubled. Anish borrowedmoney from friends to pay the EMI on the personal loan.Anish promised his friends….I will return your money soon. I am making bumper returns in the stock market. After enjoying a bull run for a year, the stock market crashed.Anish was not too worried…He still was in profit. The stock market was steadily falling, but Anish kept telling himself…This is all temporary.The stock market will soon go up. Finally after a big crash in the stock market, Anish was filled with panic.The INR 5 Lakhs he had invested in stocks, was nowworth just a couple of lakhs. This is when he made an even bigger mistake.He sold all his stocks at a heavy loss, instead of waiting for the stock market to rise. He repaid this money to his friends. However Anish had to still pay back some of his friends and he had EMI’s left on the personal loan.Soon Anish fell behind in his EMI repayment. His CIBIL score fell. Worse…His mobile was always ringing. His friends and the bank wanted their money back. Anish had fallen into the loan trap.

Today, loans come in different shapes and sizes.You have to recognize loans for what they are. You love investing in stocks. You are greedy to make more money in stocks. But you do not have the money to invest in stocks? This is when your friendly stock broker offers you margin trading.This is a very common tactic, where the stock broker encourages you to borrow and invest. The stock broker allows you to invest more money than you have in your account.He says…Don’t worry…With margin, you can invest twice the money you have in your account.We will give you the money. You don’t realize it at that time, but this is actually a loan. You have to pay interest on this borrowed amount. Your stock broker hascleverly made you avail a loan. He knows your weakness….GREED. If you make a profit by investing in stocks using the margin (extra money lent to you)…All’s well. You repay the borrowed amount and interest to the stock broker and enjoy your profits. But what happens if you suffer a loss by investing in stocks? Let’s say you had INR 1,00,000 in your account. Your stock broker offers you a margin of INR 1,00,000. This is an extra amount of INR 1,00,000 to invest in stocks. Unfortunately the stock market crashes and your investment is worth only INR 50,000. You are in a mess. You have to repay INR 1,00,000 to your stock broker, along with whatever interest he charges you for the margin facility. You fall into the loan trap.

Borrowing to invest in the stock market is a really bad idea.You lose your own money, No problem..It’s your mistake. You lose someone else’s money, you have a big problem.If you lose your friends money….stockbrokers money…banks money…They will harass you until you pay it back. This can lead you to utter despair.Your family will also suffer for your mistake. Invest in the stock market with your own money after taking care of all your expenses. Invest only what you can afford to lose.

Still wish to borrow and make good use of your borrowed funds! Be wise...Call us. The team of wealth doctors at IndianMoney.com is always there to help and guide you. You can explore this unique Free Advisory Service just by giving a missed call on 022 6181 6111. IndianMoney.com is not a seller of any financial products. We only provide FREE financial advice / education to ensure that you are not mis-guided while buying any kind of financial products.

Read more about this here http://indianmoney.com/how/money-trap---5---borrowing-money-to-invest-in-stocks

On 11th May 2015, in a rare and landmark judgment the honourable judge of Karnataka High Court took  few minutes only to read the judgment  to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa  of all charges after finding that she had not amassed Rs 66.65 crore as earlier alleged by the appealant / decided by the special court in Bengaluru in September 2014 but only a few crores of Rupees. Jayalalithaa’s case relates to the period 1991-96 when she was the chief minister of Tamilnadu.

According to the learned judge Jayalalithaa is eligible for acquittal because she had acquired only 8.12% disproportionate asset over and above her known source of / accounted income.

The key legal principle that the learned judge employed using a precedent to acquit Ms. Jayalalithaa was that the accused is eligible for acquittal if the quantum of disproportionate asset is only ‘10%’ over and above the known accounted income. As in the case of Madam Jayalalithaa it is well below the judicial threshold of 10% she was eligible for acquittal.

Source; News Items published elsewhere in newspapers / portals

You must be well familiar with the term EPF popularly called “Employee Provident Fund”. Employees Provident Fund Organization (EPFO), manages the employee provident fund. Out of your salary, an amount of 12% is compulsorily deducted. This amount is contributed to an account in your name, called the employee provident fund. Your employer makes an equal contribution (contributes the same amount as you have contributed), to this account. This account is maintained by the EPFO.

EPF is very important as it helps you save for retirement. A number of our citizens have become crorepathi’s, just by not touching the money in their EPF account, till retirement. Want to know more about investment planning? Just leave a missed call on IndianMoney.com financial education helpline 02261816111 or just post a request on IndianMoney.com website. IndianMoney.com offers Free, Unbiased and on-call financial advice on Insurance, Mutual Funds, Real Estate, Loans, Bank Accounts and Capital markets.

EPFO which manages your money and that of more than 4 Crore subscribers, has called for a meeting on March 30th. In this meeting, EPFO will consider investing 15% of its investable income in the stock market, to give better returns to its subscribers during the next fiscal. EPFO currently invests 5% of its investable income in the stock market. 

You and other subscribers get 8.65% interest a year on your investment in the EPF. EPFO hopes to give you and other subscribers a higher return than 8.65% by investing money in stocks.

The Government is keen to give you and other citizens your own home. Soon, you and other citizens will be able to use up to 90% of your EPF money, for making down payments while buying your own house. Plans are in motion where soon you will be able to withdraw EPF money, for paying home loan EMI’s. There is a clause you need to remember. At least 10 EPF subscribers need to form a group and buy houses/apartments from a builder or get their homes constructed. You and other EPF subscribers can join together and make a deal with the builder, to buy your affordable home.

If you are a subscriber to the EPFO and a member of a housing society which has at least 10 citizen’s who subscribe to the EPF, you can withdraw up to 90% of your EPF fund to buy or construct a house, flat or apartment. 

EPFO invests your money in stocks, only through exchange traded funds (ETF’s). An investment through ETF’s is regarded as quite safe. An exchange traded fund is a mutual fund scheme that tracks an index like BSE Sensex and CNX Nifty. ETF’s can be traded on the stock exchange during market hours, just like stocks. EPFO invests your money in SBI Nifty ETF and SBI Sensex ETF.

EPFO plans to invest around INR 2,800 Crores in the CPSE-ETF (Central Public Sector Enterprises exchange-traded fund), to help the Government’s divestment plans 

You may also Watch: EPF (Employee Provident Fund) - Has Cut Down Interest | EPFO 

The EPFO says “No” to 1 Rupee revenue stamps. EPFO has asked its field officers to make sure, no revenue stamps are affixed on EPF claim forms, if payment is made through National Electronic Fund Transfer (NEFT).

Some PF exempted establishments still demand that you affix a rupee one revenue stamp on your claim form. EPFO wants to put an end to this.

Retirement fund body EPFO, wants you to get your EPF claim processed really quickly. You can submit your claim form directly with the EPFO. The new composite claim form (a single page form) introduced by the EPFO, does not require employer attestation.

All you need to do is seed your universal account number (UAN) with your bank account and Aadhaar number. You then submit your claim directly with the EPFO, without the need of an attestation by your employer.

The EPF is not an age old Government retirement plan. It’s much more. It invests your money in stocks. Its going digital. EPF has also made many Indian’s crorepathi’s. Be Wise, Get Rich.

Share Market LIVE Updates: Sensex and Nifty opened lower on Wednesday tracking weak global cues. ADB expects India to grow 7.5% in the current fiscal year before picking up to 8% the next year

Indian markets opened lower on Wednesday tracking global markets. Stocks fell globally, while US Treasury yields rose to multi-year highs as investors braced for the possibility of aggressive monetary tightening by the US Federal Reserve to fight inflation. Markets also focused on new sanctions by the West against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine.

India's services activity rises to 53.6 in March from 51.8 in February

India's services sector expanded at its fastest pace so far this year in March as an easing of Covid-19 restrictions boosted demand, but elevated inflationary pressures clouded business confidence, a private survey showed.

The S&P Global India Services Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 53.6 in March from 51.8 in February.

Fuel prices up ₹10 in 16 days, petrol above ₹105/litre in Delhi

Oil marketing companies raised prices of petrol and diesel by 80 paise a litre each on Wednesday. Petrol is now priced at ₹105.41 a litre in the national capital, while diesel is sold for ₹96.67 a litre.

Tata Consultancy Services down 1.6%

Kansas Department of Labour has selected TCS to build a modern, secure, web-based system for the state's unemployment insurance program. This will help transform a legacy mainframe platform from the 1970s into a cloud-based system that dramatically improves the delivery of services to Kansas residents.

Market view: Sameet Chavan, Chief Analyst-Technical and Derivatives, Angel One

Monday’s spectacular move was followed by a quiet start yesterday morning marginally in the green. However, in the initial trade, small gains just disappeared and then the index slipped into a consolidation mode thereafter. The profit booking extended a bit in the first half and in the process, the Nifty went on to test the 17950 mark. Fortunately, as we stepped into the latter half, the buying resumed recouping all losses. However, towards the fag end, the market became nervous all of a sudden, which resulted in a sharp downtick to slide below morning’s low as well. Eventually, the Nifty ended the session convincingly below 18000 by shedding over half a percent.

The way the market closed in the previous session around the day’s high, we should have ideally opened higher and in fact, was expected to extend the rally. Unfortunately, this didn’t happen; because the major drivers of Monday’s move (banking) saw some decent profit booking. Hence, we could not even surpass Monday’s high of 18114.65. With yesterday’s tail end sharp profit booking, one shouldn’t get carried away as such small profit taking is a part and parcel of the market activity. Going ahead, Monday’s gap area of 17800 – 17700 is likely to provide some cushion for the index and till the time we do not see it closing convincingly below it, there is no reason to worry for.

In fact, if we see any decline towards intraday support of 17900 – 17800, one can think of going long. On the flipside, 18100 has become an immediate hurdle above which we are good to go towards 18350. Despite some nervousness in key indices, the broader market did extremely well. Hence, traders should keep focusing on such potential movers, especially stocks from the cash segment which are providing some excellent trading opportunities.

Gold dips as stronger dollar, yields dent appeal

Gold eased on Wednesday as hawkish comments from U.S. Federal Reserve officials boosted the dollar and Treasury yields to multi-year highs, denting the safe-haven metal's appeal. Spot gold was down 0.2% at $1,920.87 per ounce, while U.S. gold futures fell 0.3% to $1,920.90.

Corporate profiteering to be in focus at GST meet

The ministerial panel led by Karnataka chief minister Basavaraj Bommai working on the restructuring of goods and services tax (GST) rates will examine whether companies passed on rate cuts in the past, before recommending changes to tax slabs.

MGL hikes CNG price by ₹7/kg, domestic PNG price by ₹5/scm 

The city gas utility Mahanagar Gas Ltd has announced a steep hike in the retail price of CNG by ₹7 per kg and domestic PNG by ₹5 per scm to ₹41per scm, effective Wednesdy.

ADB projects India's economy to grow by 7.5% in FY23

Asian Development Bank on Wednesday projected a 7% collective growth for South Asian economies in 2022 with the subregion's largest economy India growing by 7.5% in the current fiscal year before picking up to 8% the next year. 

Crude oil slips on pressure from rising dollar

Oil futures slid on Wednesday, extending losses from the previous day, as a stronger U.S. dollar prompted fresh selling while data showing a build in U.S. crude stocks and Shanghai's extended lockdown fuelled fears of slower demand.

Brent crude futures fell 97 cents, or 0.9%, to $105.67 a barrel, while U.S. West Texas Intermediate futures were down 98 cents, or 1.0%, to $100.98 a barrel at 0029 GMT. Brent fell 0.8% on Tuesday and WTI lost 1.3%.

Centre may expand size of LIC share sale

The government is considering increasing the stake it plans to sell through an initial public offering of state-run Life Insurance Corp. of India (LIC) from 5%, even as the timing of the share sale is being finalized.

While the government can sell as much as 7.5% of LIC, it may decide to sell only between 5.5% and 6.5%, depending on the investor interest, an official aware of the discussions said. The official said that the government will have to file revised share sale documents if it wants to sell more than 7.5%.

Asian stocks slip

Asian share markets slipped on Wednesday as investors weighed the possibility of aggressive monetary tightening by the U.S. Federal Reserve to fight inflation, while focus was also on new Western sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. In early trade in Asia, Japan's Nikkei shed 1.5%, while South Korean shares fell 0.8% and Australian shares lost 1.2%.

Wall Street ends down

US stocks closed lower and bond yields jumped Tuesday as remarks by a Federal Reserve governor fueled expectations that the central bank is prepared to more aggressively raise interest rates and take other steps to tame surging inflation. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 280.7 points, or 0.8%, to 34,641.18, the S&P 500 lost 57.52 points, or 1.26%, to 4,525.12 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 328.39 points, or 2.26%, to 14,204.17.

The Indian Stock Market is largely impacted by tradings in National Stock Exchange (NSE) and Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), NSE being the largest stock exchange in India, and BSE being the oldest stock exchange in Asia. These two collectively hold the major portion of the total stock exchange transactions. BSE has more than 5000 listed companies and NSE has 2000 listed companies. Studying market patterns and changes in the stock market when studying a particular industry as a whole can be tedious if the analyst has to study each stock individually. As a solution, ‘indexes’ are made by various agencies like S&P Global to help study and analyse market trends that act as a tool, computed from taking weighted average of the selected stocks. Indexes are investable and transparent. They are a reflection of the market behaviour and show day-to-day fluctuations in stock prices. Indexes are formed for categories like industry wise classification, multi-market indexes such as MSCI Asia Pac, MSCI World index, or even style indexes based on the nature or style of the underlying stocks such as Large Cap, Small Cap, Balanced funds etc.

Indexes such as NIFTY 50, Sensex, BSE 500 are computed to measure portfolio performance over various time periods, aiding market technicians in investment decisions, help in beta calculation and portfolio theory studies.

NIFTY 50, an index traded on NSE, covered 62.9% of the free float market capitalization of the stocks listed on NSE as per last year. It is a broad index of NSE, consisting of stocks of the top 50 stocks that cover more than 20 different sectors of the Indian Economy, which provides a kind of exposure to the investors to the majority of the Indian Stock Market. NIFTY 50 is one the most actively traded broad market index, first traded in 1995.

NIFTY 50 goes through reconstitution, that is, it is updated after specific intervals and the constituent not performing or shut down companies are removed off of the list. In simple words, securities not performing as per the standards of the index are replaced.

Companies like HDFC, Bharti Airtel, Cipla, Coal India, Indiabulls housing finance, NTPC limited, ONGC, TATA Steel, Wipro, Yes Bank etc are a part of the Nifty 50 list. There individual performance affects the trends of NIFTY 50 in the proportion or weights of there share in the index.

NIFTY 50 is calculated by taking the base year as 1995 and the initial amount, also called base value, as 1000, on the same lines of sensex which has a base value of 100. Just as the market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the shares outstanding by market price per share, the free float market capitalization is calculated by multiplying the market capitalization by IWF or investable weight factor (a unit of floating stock expressed in terms of a number of shares available for trading and which is not held by the entities having strategic interest in a company). Then the index value is computed by multiplying the base index value that is, 1000, to the ratio of current market value and base market capitalization.

As an example assume 5 companies for NIFTY say ABC, DEF, GHI, MNO and XYZ.

●    Each company has 5000 shares and 3000, 2800, 3600, 2000 and 1800 respectively is the free floating shares or the shares available for trading.

●    Each company has a market price as 20 per share, and base year market capitalization being 10000,

ABC : 60000 (20 x 3000),

DEF : 56000 (20 x 2800)

GHI : 72000 (20 x 3600)

MNO : 40000 (20 x 2000)

XYZ : 36000 (20 x 1800).

Now, Index Value of NIFTY is (264000/10000) x 1000 = 26400 points.

Therefore taking the top 50 companies would result in NIFTY 50. This is how the index value is calculated every millisecond on the NSE.

In 2018, NIFTY recorded quite a number of extreme highs and lows. It started the year at 10532. A major drop of around 250 points was recorded on February 2nd due to global breakdown and the announcement of the Union Budget. The trend remained pretty constant from 10100 to about 10800 throughout the next 5 months. Towards the end of June, there was an uptick in the NIFTY prices and at an increasing rate it entered 11000 mark on July 12th. It recorded an all time high on August 28th at 11760 as it got a lift following an improvement in liquidity in the market on fresh inflows by foreign funds. Strong gains in metal, power, tech healthcare and IT, fertilisers and sugar stocks lifted the key indexes to new highs. The following month was however not so good for the companies. Market prices dropped and the index value took a hit due to the expected threats from US tariffs on Chinese goods and rising dollar prices and turmoil in emerging markets and Italy’s debt issues. September being a downfall month, increased chances for a December hike. As of October 4th, the index fell to around 10170. This fall was majorly due to the all time high increase of Indian Rupee to the dollar, when it reached 73.3 mark, and the oil prices reached up to $86 each. Investors started to lose trust in the market as the price of rupee to dollar increased, it led to sudden fallout/ downward trend in the equity market as investors believed its a loss making investment and they would not be able to recover the losses if it fell further. For example, a investor who purchased foreign exchange at 70 per dollar would recognize a loss of 3 rupee per dollar on 4th October as what all he could purchase for 1 dollar would become more expensive, if any further purchases are made. Assuming further decline, the investor would have to bear more losses. This led to conservatism amongst investors and they booked losses earlier according to there risk aversion levels. Also foreign offloads from the markets were too a big concern. Market trend remained usually between 10350 and 10750 throughout the early winter months.

The end of December and the start of the New Year is expected to push the market to the boom phase yet again. Though with the elections having been scheduled in mid-2019, the market is expected to take a hit. For long term investors it is expected to be cherry on top as those investing in mutual fund markets are to benefit from falling prices due to low priced NAVs and the bond market is expected to reach an all time high.

In the past, the market analysis by various websites shows upward trends before elections. Due to possibility of power shifts and campaigns offering better opportunities for market to grow. Elections 2014 showed a 7500 mark which was a high at that point of time. Although, the recently held Karnataka elections failed to push the market higher after the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) fell short of the majority despite becoming the single-largest party rooting out the previous Congress government. An interesting point to note is the market had been rising during the general elections in past in hope that a stable government will be formed in the era of coalition governments. Now, considering the current political situation, there are high chances that a coalition government will come into power in 2019. This would have a material impact on the movement of markets an year preceding the election date. Studying the market trends and seeing the past trends it is more likely a chance of an increasing in market prices and thus rise in NIFTY 50.

●    “Business News Live, Share Market News - Read Latest Finance News, IPO, Mutual Funds News.” The Economic Times, Economic Times, economictimes.indiatimes.com/.

●    “NSE - National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.” NSE - National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., www.nseindia.com/.

●    “Sana Securities: Financial Advisory, Consulting &amp; Equity Research.” Sanasecurities, www.sanasecurities.com/.

●    “Welcome to Value Research.” PVR Ltd. - Stock Snapshot - Value Research Online, www.valueresearchonline.com/.

India received foreign direct investment (FDI) worth $165 billion in the last two years. These were pandemic years when the world reeled from Covid-19. But even when India was devastated by the second wave, companies from a record 101 nations poured money into 57 sectors in 2021-22.

They were willing to set aside Covid uncertainties to put their money in the India story. In fact, the combined inflows to India during the pandemic years—$81.9 billion in 2020-21 and $83.5 billion in 2021-22— were more than what it mopped up in the first six years of the Manmohan Singh rule (2004-05 to 2009-10) or the first three years of the Narendra Modi regime (2014- 15 to 2016-17).

FDI inflows comprise equity investments, reinvested earnings and other capital. In the recent set of data for 2021-22, which the Reserve Bank of India released last month, Karnataka was the top recipient state with 38% share in FDI equity inflow, followed by Maharashtra (26%) and Delhi (14%). Karnataka received foreign money mainly in sectors such as computer software and hardware, automobile and education.

As the global economic crisis worsens with the Ukraine war, will India be able to keep this going? Will it be able to attract $100 billion FDI in a year? If so, when? GoI has not announced any target so far. Deepak Bagla, MD and CEO of Invest India, argues FDI is not just about money; it is about global acknowledgement and trust. “We can have FDI inflows worth $100 billion annually in 24 to 36 months, provided we have a supporting global ecosystem,” he says.

In addition to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, some other factors contributing to an increasingly unpredictable financial environment are high inflation and interest rates, concerns about an impending recession in some parts of the world, supply chain bottlenecks and shortage of inputs such as semiconductors. “Yet, India’s pace of growth will attract investors. It is the fastest growing large economy in the world,” says Bagla.

Invest India is an investment promotion and facilitation agency under the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade. Bibek Debroy, chairman of the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister, argues the number can surpass the $100 billon mark. “In three years from now, annual FDI inflow upwards of $120 billion is plausible,” he says. EVR Ramana Reddy, Karnataka’s additional chief secretary who helms key departments such as commerce, industries and IT, says India should attain the $100 billion FDI mark “very soon”, provided the startup ecosystem remains intact.

“Out of 100 unicorns created in India last year, 40 happened to be from Karnataka. Startups played a key role in our FDI inflows too,” he says. India’s FDI data since 2000-01 reflects a roller-coaster ride, at times witnessing a dramatic rise, for instance a 155% y-o-y jump in 2006-07, and then occasional slips such as a 26% shrinkage in 2012-13. Such swings in data make it difficult for analysts to project future FDI trends. In the last 22 years, gross FDI rose y-o-y in 17 years and fell on five occasions (2002-03, 2003-04, 2009-10, 2010-11, 2012-13).

In the past decade, FDI inflows contracted only once – in 2012-13. Top five contributors to India’s FDI equity inflow for the entire period (2000-22) are Mauritius (27% of the total), Singapore (22%), US (9%), the Netherlands (7%) and Japan (6%). In 2021-22, Singapore was the top investing country, followed by the US and Mauritius. However, India’s net foreign investments, a figure arrived at by subtracting the outflow (Indians buying assets abroad or foreigners selling assets in India), have not been robust particularly during the second year of the pandemic.

Net FDI fell to $39.3 billion in 2021-22 from $44 billion a year ago “due to higher outward FDI by India and repatriation by foreign investors”, according to an RBI bulletin issued last month. With more and more Indian companies buying assets in foreign soil, it is likely that there will be pressure on net FDI in the coming years as well. Net numbers, however, don’t take away from the fact that India has been receiving more foreign money during the pandemic. It’s mainly because most sectors are open for 100% FDI under the automatic route.

An emphasis on ease of doing business plus the recent rounds of reforms in FDI policy in sectors such as insurance, defence, petroleum and telecom have bulked up the kitty. Former Union industry secretary Ajay Dua says it is time for India to aggressively look out for foreign capital in the manufacturing sector by showcasing its production-linked incentive (PLI). “Most of India’s FDIs come via mergers and acquisitions.

We nee d to target more FDI i n fl ow s into greenfield manufactu- ring projects. We must constantly imp r o v e the PLI scheme and use it to attract FDI,” he says. The PLI scheme is believed to be the key reason why FDI in manufacturing went up by 76% in 2021-22.

STATE OF PLAY

While GoI’s policy initiatives were helpful, India’s FDI journey would not have been this remarkable (from $4 billion in 2000-2001 to $83.5 billion in 2021-22), had states not competed with each other to roll out the red carpet for foreign investors. FDI equity inflow from October 2019 to March 2022 shows Maharashtra (27% of total inflow), Karnataka (23%) and Gujarat (19%) were the top FDI recipients.

The other states attracting large FDIs include Delhi, Tamil Nadu, Haryana and Telangana. In 2021-22, 30 states and Union territories received FDIs, including northeastern states like Meghalaya ($1.09 mn) and Nagaland ($0.013 mn). Karnataka’s additional chief secretary Reddy says the state reached out to 1,500 global companies in the last one year, with 400 of them responding positively.

“This targeted approach will continue this year too. In Davos recently, our chief minister (Basavaraj Bommai) held meetings with 25 top CEOs. We instantly received an investment commitment of about `60,000 crore,” he adds. In neighbouring Telangana, about 500 CEOs of companies operating in the state are given the mobile numbers of IT and industries minister KT Rama Rao and principal secretary of industries and IT Jayesh Ranjan. “About 500 CEOs can contact us any day, anytime. If a message is dropped, we respond.

They can settle any issue instantly. The existing investors are our brand ambassadors,” says Ranjan, adding that in the eight years of the state’s existence, Telangana received $35 billion worth of FDI of which 24% was repeat investment. As states fiercely compete with each other to woo foreign investors, multinationals often deploy a smart tactic of negotiating with states simultaneously, creating almost a bidding war.

“True, if a foreign company wants to invest in India but finds another state offering better incentives, we bring in our policy of ‘meet and beat’. Means, we better that offer,” says Ranjan. A healthy race among states to woo foreign capital will help India accelerate the pace of reaching the $100 billion FDI milestone.

‘$120 billion FDI inflow plausible in three years’

By Bibek Debroy, Chairman, Economic Advisory Council to PM

FDI is desirable because it brings technology, efficiency and better management practices, enabling India to become part of the global supply chain. FDI is preferable to imports from other countries because multiplier bene ts occur in India and also because FDI aids exports. Depending on the product, there is both a domestic consumer market, which is increasing, and a cheaper production base for exporting, the last especially important because firms are seeking to diversify from former host destinations. From India’s perspective, financing current account deficits through nondebt-creating in ows like FDI are superior to inflows that create debt.

The government has progressively liberalised FDI entry. Defence, oil refineries, telecom, power exchanges, stock exchanges and insurance are cases in point. (For specific sectors, FEMA rules have been amended.) This is in addition to improving the business climate, which bene ts domestic and foreign investors alike. The numbers speak for themselves. From just over $45 billion in 2014-15, FDI inflows have increased to over $83 billion in 2021- 22. A large chunk of this is in the form of actual equity.

Global rankings show India remains an attractive investment destination and this has been reinforced in the course of the post-Covid recovery. At this rate, three years from now, annual in ow of upwards of $120 billion is plausible. Sectors not only indicate India’s comparative advantage (including that in R&D), but also the desirable outcome of reducing import dependence. Not just computer software, but computer hardware and drugs and pharmaceuticals come to mind. Add to that automobiles, telecom services, financial services, trading and a sector that India emphasises, renewable energy. Bilateral trade and investment agreements, now that WTO is in a bit of a limbo, facilitate FDI inflows and FDI doesn’t always mean inward FDI in ow into India. There is FDI out ow from India too. That’s precisely the reason India has been reviewing existing stock of such regional and bilateral agreements and is in the process of negotiating fresh ones.

For instance, other than Singapore, Mauritius and Cayman Islands, countries such as the US, Netherlands and the UK are major sources of FDI inflows. Quantum and nature of FDI is a function of the source country and the destination. While in an overall sense, the destination is India, FDI actually materialises in specific states and is thus dependent on the investment and business climate of that state.

Most FDI inflows have come into Karnataka, Maharashtra, Delhi, Tamil Nadu, Gujarat and Haryana. There is, of course, a methodological problem in this, since investments, domestic and foreign, are shown against wherever corporate headquarters are located, not where manufacturing actually takes place. Nevertheless, this vindicates the perception about some states being more attractive destinations than others.

While liberalisation occurs at the level of Union government, many subsequent clearances (land, labour, water, electricity, environment) occur at state level, not to speak of transport and legal infrastructure. The reaction of states will determine whether, three years from now, annual inflows are $120 billion, or considerably higher.

https://m.economictimes.com/news/economy/finance/when-would-fdi-in-india-touch-the-milestone-of-100-billion-a-year/amp_articleshow/92009214.cms

By - Jaskeerat Singh

DAY - 6: CASE STUDY ON VIJAY MALLYA

Today we shall take a look at the life of the Infamous Fraud King of 'Good Times', his business ventures, his success and his downfall.

Early Life:

Vijay Mallya was born on 18th December 1955. He is the son of Vittal Mallya, chairman of the United Breweries Group and Lalitha Ramaiah. He completed his schooling from La Martinere Calcutta and graduated with a Bachelor of Commerce degree (with honours) from St. Xavier's College, Kolkata.

Career Ventures and rise to fame:

The fall of the King of Good Times:

That's all on the Infamous King of Good Times for today.

Will be posting more content on such topics.

Till then STAY UPDATED & STAY SAFE.

Thank You

Jaskeerat Singh

PR TEAM, E-CELL AUR

Wealth Management, Family Office

I have made a whatsapp group -"Stocks, Market N Economy"

Looking for active and knowledgeable contributors/members in the group, for discussing investments Ideas, Market Outlook, and Economic Scenario.
We already have 150+ members in the group, wealth managers, research analysts and active investors.

My belief and Investments Philosophy is :-
Large amounts of money aren't made by buying what everybody likes - they're made by buying what everybody underestimates.
— Howard Marks 

Last 2 years gave us many good multibaggers but that was an exceptional time, arised with crisis. Time is not same always, but i belive Investments Ideas are always there only we need to find it.

My few multi-bagger picks in the last 2 years were -

1-Alok Ind (4 bagger in just 3 months (12-58)
2-CG Power (9 bagger in a year 22-180)
3-HLE Glascoat (10 bagger in a year 700 -7000)
4-Olectra Greentech (8 bagger in a year 100 -800)
5-Reliance Ind PP( 2.5 bagger in 3 months, bought rights renunciation, acquired Partly paid in June 20 in 500 and sold all at 1250 in 2-3 months)
6-ABB Power products -(2.5 bagger in a year)
7-Manorama Ind (2 bagger in a year)
8-Adani Wilmar (2 bagger in 3 months)
9-Suzlon (4 bagger in a year)
10- Jaiprakash Power (4 bagger in 2 years)
11- ISMT (10 Bagger in a 18 month)
12-EKI Energy (4 bagger in just 6 months, 2000 to 8000)

Had losers too like 
Future Retail bought at 120 before RIL deal and sold at 108 after the deal. 
Reliance Infra bought at 40 sold at 22. Though it gained a lot after i switched from it.
Vodafone bought at 11 and sold at 9. 
Fortunately, these deals are lesser.

I know each of us will be having many such multi-baggers, and combined we can enjoy many collectively by sharing and discussing ideas.

Please share your interest of joining whatsapp group.
Also would love to hear from you, your multibaggers.

#wealthmanagement #wealthcreation #wealth #wealthadvisor #wealthmanager #fundmanagement #fundamentalanalysis #equityresearch #Economy #stockmarkets #shares #investments #Investmentsideas #Bonds #Fixedincome #Interestrates #inflation #GDP

(Vice President-II) & ZH at Jana SF Bank

Kindly add 98150-38628 

Deputy Manager (F&A) at IMPCL | Ex-Finance Executive, STPI-New Delhi

Sir Please add: 9911064182

Instrument Supervisor at Dubai Petroleum Onshore operations

What's your view on Borosil Renewables? Do you think KPR Mills can be next Page Industries? 

Fund Manager at Pantomath Sabrimala AIF

Pl add me - 9971195789

Associate Vice President at Anand Rathi Financial Services Limited

Plz add 7021901847

Business Development HNI Desk

Pls add 9820563146

Chartered Accountant | CPA Aspirant |

Add me 7695869854

Head of Treasury and Banking Operations.

Please add me 9731820665

Senior Relationship Manager in Healthcare Finance Division

Please add me too.. My number 9908373330 

Global Goodwill Ambassador

MY WIFE DOES NOT WORK !!!

Conversation between a Husband (H) and a Psychologist (P):
P: What do u do for a living Mr. Bandy?
H: I work as an Accountant in a Bank.
P: your Wife ?
H: She doesn't work, She's only a housewife.
P: Who makes breakfast for your family in the morning?
H: My Wife, because she doesn't work.
P: At what time does your wife wake up for making breakfast?
H: She wakes up at around 5am because she cleans the house first before making breakfast.
P: How do your kids go to school?
H: My wife takes them to school, because she doesn't work.
P: After taking ur kids to school, what does she do?
H: She goes to the market, then goes back home for cooking and laundry. You know she doesn't work.
P: In the evening, after you go back home from office, what do you do?
H: Takes a rest because I’m tired due to all day's work.
P: What does your wife do then?
H: She prepares meals, serving our kids, preparing meals for me and cleaning the dishes, cleaning the house then taking kids bed.
***Whom do you think works more from the story above???
The daily routines of your wives commence from early morning to late night and you called that DOESN'T WORK?
Yes, being housewives do not need certificate of Study, even high position, but their role/part is very important!
Appreciate your wives because their sacrifices are uncountable, this should be a reminder and reflection for all of us to understand and appreciate each others roles.
***All about a woman***
A very heart touching message by a
woman.
Someone asked her, Are you a working woman or a housewife?
She replied:
Yes, I am a full-time
working housewife.
I work 24 hours a day.
I'm a Mum.
I'm a Wife.
I'm a Daughter.
I'm a Daughter-in-law.
I'm an Alarm clock.
I'm a Cook.
I'm a Maid.
I'm a Teacher.
I'm a Waiter.
I'm a Nanny.
I'm a Nurse.
I'm a Handyman.
I'm a Security officer.
I'm a Counselor.
I'm a Comforter.
I don't get holidays.
I don't get sick leave.
I don't get day off.
I work through day and night.
I'm on call all hours and get paid with a
sentence.
***What Do you do all Day??
***Dedicated to all women***
Woman has the most unique character like salt, her presence is never remembered but her absence makes all the things tasteless.
Pass it to all the lovely ladies...
Your Mother.
Your Wife.
Your daughter.
Your sister and your friend.
Share to every woman to make her smile and to every man to make him realize a woman's worth.

Corporate Leader / Happiness Coach / Visiting Professor / National Manager - Direct Sales Sharp | 21000+ Followers

Technology Vs. Gujarati Brains..
Lovely Talk by Mukesh Ambani Sir...
Worth Your Two Minutes...

4,713 followers

Dr. #RajneeshGwala tied a #dog with his car & dragged for 5 KMs resulting in multiple fractures on dog's legs & reportedly couldn't breathe properly
Place: Shastri Nagar, #Jodhpur
Requesting stringent action from with all your support against the doc. Please share if you care
Source: Dog Home Foundation, Jodhpur
.
.
#jodhpur #doghomefoundation #animalcruelty #animalwelfare #awbi 
.
.
Source @doghomefoundation
.
.
#peepoye #abkuchnahichupega

Sure Shot - How to make money in stock market

Follow every step written below, without any mistake

*Run screener on Nifty 500 stocks on various parameters 

*Shortlist the top 20 companies 

*Do fundamental analysis on them. and shortlist 10 

*Do technical analysis on them.

Last but most important, final step

*Buy Adani stocks 🤍

Disclosure: This is not a recomendation of buying selling Adani stocks, pls do your own due dilligence.
This is only to learn, how to find stock for buying. Equity Research.
I am not holding any Adani stock.

 #stocks #stockmarket #technicalanalysis #wealth #wealthcreation #wealthmanagement #equityresearch 

AXIS BANK - Misguiding
They write on their website that any account holder can get changed/updated their mobile no. at any nearest branch.
Screen shot of Axisbank.com website is given below.

https://lnkd.in/d5S-zRfV'

Just now i visited my nearest Axis Bank Branch in Noida Sector  1 Branch, and they returned me back saying only home branch can change mobile no. In fact there is no logic of this as now we are fully digitalised.
But if it is so, why Axis Bank website is troubling their account holders, saying any nearest branch can do change/update.

Planning to close account with AXIS BANK and shift to HDFC Bank.

#axisbank Amitabh Chaudhry Rajiv Anand Rakesh Bhojnagarwala Kanwalbir Singh Amit Labroo Rakesh Langer Parveen Dhamija Nehha Bothra Girish Khurana Geeta A.

वैसे इस पोस्ट को देख कर शायद बहुत लोग कहेंगे की linkedin इस तरह की पोस्ट के लिए नही, फिर भी मैं पोस्ट कर रहा हूं, क्योंकि linkedin शायद ऐसे बच्चों और पैरेंट्स से भरा हुआ है।🙏🙏

देख तेरे संसार की हालत क्या हो गई भगवान,
कितना बदल गया इंसान 🥺😥😭

पिता का समाज व पुत्रों के नाम पत्र...

लखनऊ के एक उच्चवर्गीय बूढ़े पिता ने अपने पुत्रों के नाम एक चिट्ठी लिखकर खुद को गोली मार ली। 
चिट्टी क्यों लिखी और क्या लिखा। यह जानने से पहले संक्षेप में चिट्टी लिखने की पृष्ठभूमि जान लेना जरूरी है। 

पिता सेना में कर्नल के पद से रिटार्यड हुए । वे लखनऊ के एक पॉश कॉलोनी में अपनी पत्नी के साथ रहते थे। उनके दो बेटे थे। जो सुदूर अमेरिका में रहते थे। यहां यह बताने की जरूरत नहीं है कि माता-पिता ने अपने लाड़लों को पालने में कोई कोर कसर नहीं रखी। बच्चे सफलता की सीढ़िंया चढते गए। पढ़-लिखकर इतने योग्य हो गए कि दुनिया की सबसे नामी-गिरामी कार्पोरेट कंपनी में उनको नौकरी मिल गई। संयोग से दोनों भाई एक ही देश में,लेकिन अलग-अलग अपने परिवार के साथ रहते थे। 

एक दिन अचानक पिता ने रूंआसे गले से बेटों को खबर दी। बेटे! तुम्हारी मां अब इस दुनिया में नहीं रही । पिता अपनी पत्नी की मिट्टी के साथ बेटों के आने का इंतजार करते रहे। एक दिन बाद छोटा बेटा आया, जिसका घर का नाम चिंटू था। 

पिता ने पूछा चिंटू! मुन्ना क्यों नहीं आया। मुन्ना यानी बड़ा बेटा।पिता ने कहा कि उसे फोन मिला, पहली उडान से आये। 

धर्मानुसार बडे बेटे का आना सोच वृद्व फौजी ने जिद सी पकड़ ली। 

छोटे बेटे के मुंह से एक सच निकल पड़ा। उसने पिता से कहा कि मुन्ना भईया ने कहा कि, "मां की मौत में तुम चले जाओ। पिता जी मरेंगे, तो मैं चला जाऊंगा।"

कर्नल साहब (पिता) कमरे के अंदर गए। खुद को कई बार संभाला फिर उन्होंने  चंद पंक्तियो का एक पत्र लिखा। जो इस प्रकार था- 

प्रिय बेटो
         मैंने और तुम्हारी मां ने बहुत सारे अरमानों के साथ तुम लोगों को पाला-पोसा। दुनिया के सारे सुख दिए। देश-दुनिया के बेहतरीन जगहों पर शिक्षा दी। जब तुम्हारी मां अंतिम सांस ले रही थी, तो मैं उसके पास था।वह मरते समय तुम दोनों का चेहरा एक बार देखना चाहती थी और तुम दोनों को बाहों में भर कर चूमना चाहती थी। तुम लोग उसके लिए वही मासूम मुन्ना और चिंटू थे। उसकी मौत के बात उसकी लाश के पास तुम लोगों का इंतजार करने लिए मैं था। मेरा मन कर रहा था कि काश तुम लोग मुझे ढांढस बधाने के लिए मेरे पास होते। मेरी मौत के बाद मेरी लाश के पास तुम लोगों का इंतजार करने के लिए कोई नहीं होगा। सबसे बड़ी बात यह कि मैं नहीं चाहता कि मेरी लाश निपटाने के लिए तुम्हारे बड़े भाई को आना पड़े। इसलिए सबसे अच्छा यह है कि अपनी मां के साथ मुझे भी निपटाकर ही जाओ। मुझे जीने का कोई हक नहीं क्योंकि जिस समाज ने मुझे जीवन भर धन के साथ सम्मान भी दिया, मैंने समाज को असभ्य नागरिक दिये। हाँ अच्छा रहा कि हम अमरीका जाकर नहीं बसे, सच्चाई दब जाती। 

मेरी अंतिम इच्छा है कि मेरे मैडल तथा फोटो बटालियन को लौटाए जाए तथा घर का पैसा नौकरों में बाटा जाऐ। जमापूँजी आधी वृद्ध सेवा केन्द्र में तथा आधी सैनिक कल्याण में दी जाऐ।
                                                                                    तुम्हारा पिता                               
कमरे से ठांय की आवाज आई। कर्नल साहब ने खुद को गोली मार ली।
आज हर मां बाप डरते हैं अपने बच्चो को इस लायक बनाने में, फिर भी वो बनाते हैं, क्योंकि वो नही चाहते उनका बच्चा किसी से कम हो।

A7 (Adani 7 shares) vs K10 (Ketan Parekh 10 shares 1999-2000) - A lot similar

But as per some news market rumour A and K are partners now, so it can be said AK7 which can become AK47 on crash

Adani group companies' heavy loans are not the only problem, companies' valuation in the stock market has been manipulated heavily and right now valuation is at least 15-20 times higher, see the valuation of these companies as below:
Company                    Price,       PE,     EV,           Price in March 20
Adani Green Energy   2354      750    4.24 Lac crs    123
Adani Enterprises        3347     393    4.19 Lac Crs    128
Adani Total Gas           3531     770     3.89 Lac Crs    88.50
Adani Transmission     3881     462    4.62 Lac Crs     177.40
Total                                                   16.94 Lac Crs

We dont know what transformation took place in these companies business so that These companies share prices jumped over 20 times from March 20 Price in 2.50 Years only.
Do you feel valuation of these companies are genuine and justified on any valuation model ? 

Is it not manipulated?

In fact in my view these companies valuation should have been a maximum 5 -10% of current valuation means 85000-1.70 Lac Crs. Just think if all is gas and on burst prices come back to March 20 levels.
Like 
Adani Total Gas from 3500 to 88.
Adani Trans. from 3800 to 177
Adani Enterprise from 3300 to 128
Adani Green from 2400 to 123.
uffff 🥺😒😥

So crisis from debt portion can come only 2.5-3 Lac Crs but on share price front this crisis can be around 15-16 Lac Crs. (Equal to total GST collection in a year)
History says nothing can stay long if is not usual or normal and manipulated, so time will come 100% sure, only its matter of fact when will come.
One more question comes in my mind.
To manipulate share prices of 15-17 lac crore company atleast they need lacs of crores, where from he get that money?

Disclosure: Above post is not recommending buy or sale of any shares mentioned above. I do not hold any shares mentioned above. This post is only for knowledge and discussion purposes, seeing the high valuation of above mentioned companies.

A known, experienced over 12 years as Senior Dealer with share broking firm, looking for job. 
He is Noida based.
If anyone can help him get the job, pls post.

 # #job #help #noida #lookingforjob #dealer #stockmarket #sharemarket #delhincr #sharebrokers #sharebroking

An IAS, Secretary of India, Dr. EAS Sarma education in economics, written a letter to RBI governer, indicating high loans given by PSU Bank to Adani group to take cognigence before it goes bad debt and public money in PSU banks goes into default.

इंतहा हो गई, इंतजार की।
आयेगा कब पैसा, मेरे अकाउंट में ।।
😂😂😂😂😂
हमारी सरकार, ईमानदार सरकार।।
जस्ट पोस्टेड, याद रखने के लिए,
पैसा आएगा, मेरे अकाउंट में पैसा आएगा।।

14,053 followers

Managing Director, Wealth Management -Financial Advisor - Morgan Stanley

Preparing your portfolio for a rainy day is critical to meeting your financial goals. Let’s talk about how I can help. https://mgstn.ly/3O1ZgXp

US equities decline following the FOMC's decision to raise rates 75-basis-points. Read more in the 1% Move report:

The Fed’s fight against inflation looks far from over. Is your portfolio prepared? Let’s discuss ways to help you navigate what’s ahead.

Climate change is now an economic reality and is seen as a growing risk for investors, corporations and governments. If you are seeking a more resilient and lower carbon future, while pursuing your financial goals, we have investment options to consider. Learn more.

Equity markets trade lower ahead of tomorrow's highly anticipated FOMC meeting. Read more in the 1% Move report:

A key strategy for boosting long-term returns—which may not necessarily add risk—is being smart about tax efficiency. Here’s how.

From startup to IPO and beyond, discover how Morgan Stanley at Work can help you simplify and streamline equity plan management with this guide.

S&P 500 declines on Thursday as 2-year Treasury rates rise to highest level since 2007. Read more in the 1% Move report:

As you approach retirement, consider shifting from growth to preservation. Watch to learn more steps you can take to plan for your retirement goals. https://mgstn.ly/3prV49o

You’ve done well managing your own investments so far. Imagine what we could do together? Here are five reasons to set up time with me today. https://mgstn.ly/3zWmJFF

Scammers can be very convincing, especially when pretending to offer tech support. Here are some tips to help you detect their deceptive tactics.

3,649 followers

Over and over again lack of accurate documentation and its timely retrieval has been raised as a significant problem in the functioning of the the police force in India. The CCTNS Project (Crime and Criminal Tracking Network and Systems) was a mission mode project of Government of India which was conceived in the year 2008 in the aftermath of 2008 Mumbai Attacks. The project was allotted Rs.2000 crores which envisaged networking of all Police Stations in the country with creation and deployment of a software for the conduct of core police functions. Thus, resulting in a national database which would be dynamic in nature and would provide a satisfactory answer to the quick response to the information required on crime and criminals. Karnataka is one of four Advanced States for the CCTNS project.

Despite an early reluctance to adopt computers by law enforcement agencies as a whole, police departments now find themselves tasked to maintain officer competencies in both law enforcement and computer applications. Without any doubt, Software Applications are helping in prevention & detection of crime, data oriented predictive policing and for maintenance of law and order.

In this digital era, technology is ever evolving and is becoming powerful and useful day by day. After only about a decade, smartphone technology is so successful that it has become a powerful portable computer in everyone’s hand. Besides making phone calls, nearly all smartphones today have capabilities to process data, connect to devices, natively provide directions through GPS, take pictures, communicate data over internet securely etc., And we at Capulus Technologies are making it much smarter with our intelligent apps and increasing the productivity of users by multiple folds.

Modern day criminal activities are giving rise to the never-ending demand for the Police Modernization. After all, police should be one step ahead of the criminals. Adopting the modern technologies is the only way forward.

The MCCTNS Application is developed in a Modular Structure and Scalability in mind. Working closely with the Police Department and backed with years of extensive research since 2015, over the years we have come up with several modules and some of which have been already implemented in Karnataka State and being used officers all across the state. The Application was launched by the Chief Minister of Karnataka.

Here in this article, let me brief about some of the modules of MCCTNS:

(Obviously not that American Crime Drama TV Series! But, both deals with finding criminals :D ) Person of Interest module provides smart-phone based access to the criminal database and an extensive search functionality backed with A.I which can be utilized by officers anytime, anywhere. The criminal data in app are categorized based on several heads and completely in sync with CCTNS.

Complete criminal profile and criminal history of a person along with photo can be accessed from the app, along with Court Case and Prison Details. At any point of time, an officer can search any criminal by name, alias, crime number, address/place, father’s name etc., The same centralized criminal database or let’s call it the P.O.I database can be integrated with Automatic Fingerprint Identification and Face Recognition modules.

This instant dissemination of information for officers on ground will increase the productivity of the officers and also helps in apprehending criminals in a much faster way.

Crime Mapping and analysis module provides a smart and efficient way for the officers to perform Crime Mapping directly from the spot of crime. This helps in populating crime activities database mapped with exact GPS location of crime and crime scene photos. Police Department will get a bird’s eye view of crime hotspots on a geographical map and can get full understanding of what’s happening in the city/district. Officers can view all crime mappings in the jurisdiction in their smartphone itself, quickly search for various crimes and most important of all perform statistical and geographic analysis based on this data.

The application captures the raw data of crime mappings and displays analytics by using machine learning techniques to discover insights, find new patterns and discover relationships. A geographical-map of crimes is generated which gives a bird’s eye view of crimes and also identifies crime hotspots. Analytics such as of particular crime type across time, crime trend in a particular jurisdiction, overall crime ratio etc. are generated in the app itself. This helps in Predictive Policing by analyzing patterns and trends which is vital in taking further steps in crime prevention.

Crime mapping and analysis helps Police Department to make better decisions, formulate strategies and target resources. This gives officers the ability to share actionable intelligence across jurisdiction and perform Crime Forecasting, Predictive Policing and Geographic Profiling. This in-turn brings Information-led policing and Problem-Oriented policing concepts to practice.

Arrest co-ordination module helps officers to co-ordinate arrests across jurisdiction. Let’s consider a criminal has several cases registered on him across multiple police stations. Someday, he gets arrested in some place and brought to a police station. Now, the problem is other police stations / officers doesn’t know that the wanted person is arrested somewhere. Our app fills the gap in co-ordination here! Whenever a wanted criminal is arrested in any of the police stations, the officer notifies arrest using app. As soon as the officer notifies that a person is arrested in his station, all other officers will get an instant notification in their phone along with the photo and crime details of the arrested person. If the arrested person is wanted in some other case of the recipient officer, they will coordinate with each other and proceed with investigation.

The notification of arrest information solves the problem of missing coordination between the jurisdictions when a criminal is wanted in multiple cases and in multiple jurisdictions.

Vehicle Crime Search module enables officers to instantly access the Crime and Case details of a particular vehicle instantly in their mobile phone. Officer enters the vehicle registration number or engine number or chassis number of the suspected vehicle in the app, the app instantly throws the crime details and case history along with all known details of the vehicle if it was part of any crime. This helps the officer to speed up the investigation process as the officer will get the required information instantly in-time.

This module helps officers to access, search, compare and get notified about UDR and Missing cases. All officers can instantly access UDR and Missing persons database in their phone itself. They will also get cloud based Push Notifications about any registered UDRs or missing persons whenever the case is registered in any police stations of their unit. Push notifications with photo and details of UDR or missing person will be automatically sent to officers’ phone. The app also provides an A.I based extensive search functionality on the whole state database based on various parameters of missing or dead person.

This instant dissemination of information on UDR and Missing persons help officers to solve the corresponding cases faster and keeps officers well informed about such cases in their vicinity.

This module can have a separate article on it’s own. I will link the article here, once it is available. This module helps to instantly perform fingerprint identification of any person to check whether he is present in criminal database. The module acts as the mobile app client for the Automatic Fingerprint Identification System if already present or it can have its own AFIS Server at the backend. The app will communicate with external portable fingerprint scanner connected to the mobile phone and provides an interface to scan the fingerprint of the person being investigated.

Then, the app will securely communicate the captured fingerprint to the central biometric gateway through APIs and sends it to AFIS. AFIS performs the fingerprint identification on the whole database and gets the result. If the application finds a Positive ID, fingerprint result will be linked to the criminal’s demographic details present in Person of Interest module and complete criminal profile is instantly displayed in the officer’s phone.

We are integrating several other futuristic modules into the application soon! To meet the challenges of the coming decades it is essential to have a police force which is up-to-date with ICT. This will build the confidence of the public that the police force is effective and can serve the community efficiently. It will help bring more offences and offenders to justice through a modern and efficient process. And as mentioned in my previous post, not only does technology promise to improve police effectiveness and efficiency in controlling crime, it may also enhance their professional status and organizational legitimacy.

Chapter 1

A meeting of minds.

After breakfast at 7 am everyday I have five hours of free time before lunch, and I decided to make use of this daily interval for writing. I am a free bird during this time, not bothered by the officialdom surrounding my current place of residence. I decided to write down my story mainly to keep myself occupied doing something other than lament my fate, as a practical diversion from re-reading my books collection or replaying those fateful events in my recent life. If you have guessed by now that I am in some sort of prison somewhere, doing time for my misadventures you are only partially right. About being in a jail, I mean. I am now lodged in the famous Arthur Road prison in Mumbai in the midway point of serving a five year sentence for abetting fraud and misappropriation of funds. About culpability and my own role in the entire multi billion dollar caper, all I request is that you hold your judgment till you hear the whole story from my point of view. Who knows, you might gain some perspectives about the motivations of a man with solid professional background to do things completely alien to his upbringing and professional training. So, hang in there, will you, till I complete this story?

The logical place to begin is to tell you something about myself. I am a first-class chartered accountant, articled from a big four accounting firm. No, I was not a gold medallist in my batch, and that was only because the examiners were too staid and traditional with no imagination to appreciate the creative answers that stood out of my answer sheets. As you can see I don’t suffer from any lack of self confidence right through my career. For nearly twenty years after my CA I worked in a proper multinational company gradually inching up to the level of Chief Accountant. The thing about being an accountant in an MNC is that the manoeuvrability in doing any sort of creative accounting is severely curtailed, if you follow what I mean. Corporate Finance Manuals are everything in these companies, and as an accountant you can violate them only on pain of dismissal. Coming from a family of serious professionals, I had absolutely no problem being on the straight and narrow, but work life at this mid-way point seemed to be unchallenging and hence unexciting. Ten more years of the same routine, I was sure that I would end up as the finance director of the company. Somehow that prospect was not appealing, even boring, to a relatively young, fortyish man, who I became by that time.

While I was in this state of semi-satisfied professional existence, I got a call from a head hunter suggesting that I meet the chairman of a well-known Indian company. ‘These people are looking for a CFO who will sit on their board and direct the entire accounting and finance function’ she was trying to oversell the job. At that time, for a man from an MNC background many Indian companies appeared somewhat less than perfect, downright dubious even, however big and well-known. Suppressing my skepticism about the company and out of curiosity I agreed to meet the chairman for a meeting at his residence in Bangalore on a Sunday morning.

That was how I found myself in the spacious library cum office of the chairman’s bungalow in Upper Palace Orchards. I was well ahead of time, and a South Indian version of butler seated me in the library; waving away his offer of coffee I started looking around the library. It was a large sunlit room with a tall ceiling, and all four walls of the room stacked with books from floor to ceiling; there was even a movable ladder along the walls to reach books on the top shelves. At one end of the room there was a desk-top PC which presumably contained the catalogue of books stored there, several thousands in my quick estimate, to help locate any title or author. All shelves were neatly labelled, all books numbered in the Dewey system, all very professionally done. Someone displaying a show-off home library was a new experience for me, in all my encounters with many movers and shakers of the industry. As you have probably made out by now, I was a confirmed cynic who could not believe that the chairman would have read many of these books on display in his library. I pulled down some books from several shelves at random for a quick inspection, and you must believe me when I tell you that all of them were neatly underlined in the right places, proof of a diligent reader accessing them frequently. In the section marked ‘American Literature’ I could see Ernest Hemingway nestling cheek by jowl with other American greats like Steinbeck, Mark Twain and even that incurable sex addict, Philip Roth. Since I had time on my hands I pulled out Hemingway’s ‘The Sun Also Rises’ written in that tight economic prose which made him famous. 

I was seated on the sofa leafing through the pages of old man Ernest. The door clicked open and a tall, bespectacled man in a simple white bush shirt entered the room. Seeing the book on my hand, the chairman said without any preamble ’Oh, I see that you are already acquainted with Hemingway; what do you think of his writings?’ Faced with an open ended question I responded, ‘Hemingway’s lean and athletic prose is all very well, but not all his books have stood the test of time. For example, his Nobel prize winning ‘The old man and the sea’ is a difficult read, and I struggled with it for weeks’ I said it more to provoke the chairman than any serious conviction about Hemingway’s writing. I do that a lot according my wife, Gowri, needlessly irking people. Predictably it started the chairman off on a long discourse about Hemingway’s writing style, ‘Look, Hemingway himself called his style Iceberg theory: facts float above water; but the supporting structure and symbolism operate out of sight’. I must tell you I was deeply impressed with my first moolakat with the chairman; anyone who could effortlessly reel off phrases like iceberg theory had that kind of sway over me.

‘I am Gopal Sastry and you may call me Gopu’ the chairman was introducing himself with a disarming charm. ‘Govindarajan Achar is rather mouthful, I will therefore call you Govind if it is okay with you’ he continued his charm offensive. We then briefly went through the typical professional interview routine, touching upon my background, career path with its highlights and stumbles, rounding off with my personal family details. Finally he came to the question that I was very much waiting for, ‘So what do you think of our company and its financials, Govind?’ As you have assessed by now, I am no slouch when it came to professional matters. I had done my homework for this meeting. Only a couple of days earlier before coming to Bangalore I spent a few hours analysing their numbers on the internet, and I gave a sharp bullet point version of my assessment, ‘Though the company’s gross margin numbers compare favourably well with your competitors’ performance, there seem to be some unusually difficult short term funding issues. Secondly there are many higher than normal indirect expenses like office rentals, overseas travel and sales commissions which need a closer analysis’. Gopu was looking at me with a bemused smile as if I was dealing with mere trifles when really serious and more urgent matters were waiting.

Lunch time rolled around by then, and the chairman took me in his car to a well known but moderately priced Chinese place for lunch. If you must know, it was a well maintained older W124 model of Mercedes. Over Hakka noodles and chop suey Gopu became more expansive about his plans for the company. ‘You know, Govind, the time is right for creating an Indian version of GE or IBM; at this time our company along with a couple of others in our industry are well positioned to take advantage of the global interest in Indian talent. If you ask me, my only ambition is to make our company a global leader and everything else in my life is secondary’, he said it with much conviction. In the dim restaurant lighting his eyes sparkled with genuine ambition, and I believe he truly believed his vision himself. Like every practical executive I have a finely tuned bullshit detector for top bosses bloviating without restraint, and even I couldn’t detect anything amiss about Gopu’s open declarations about his plans for the company.

That lunch opened my eyes to two other facets of the man. Though he came from a wealthy landowning family from the Cauvery river basin in Karnataka and went to school in a small town American university, he had a strange and unexplained admiration for famous college names and brand name qualifications, typical of a middle class upbringing. You could easily fool him, I thought, if you were from IIT, IIM or Stanford and Harvard for that matter. Such was Gopu’s fascination with elite qualifications. Second and a more important characteristics I noted about him was his strange vulnerability about his own place in the commercial universe. Halfway through lunch while he was expanding on his early days as a businessman he narrated his feelings as a small timer, ‘I must tell you, Govind, once I was returning home from a project site in Cuttack. I was on the top berth of the train’s AC two-tier coach leafing through Fortune and Businessweek magazines. Looking at the pictures of IBM vice presidents, I thought to myself if I would ever deal with senior people from big MNCs like IBM and GE on an equal basis. Fifteen years on, thanks to my company and the work of my team members, I am able to meet the CEOs of such companies one on one’. When I heard him speak these words I sat in stupefied silence for a few minutes. In all my managerial experience, which by then was considerable, no senior man at the top management level in a professional company would ever admit to any such vulnerability or lack of confidence on their part. Having seen by then several preening and self regarding top executives, my respect for Gopu as a decent human being shot up at that moment.

As lunch was winding down, Gopal Sastry came to the point of our meeting. ‘You see, Govind, I am needing a top financial brain to support me in my ambitions to build a top international company from India. From what I have seen so far, you seem to have the right attitude for the task, your critical views on Hemingway notwithstanding. The only question you have to answer for yourself is whether you are flexible enough as a practical professional for this role in our set up.’

As the car was speeding towards the airport, I came away with a complex set of emotions about Gopal Sastry, the man. ‘Here is a simple looking man endowed with intellectual curiosity, and a subtle thinking process. He wears his money and power very lightly, and displays a strong middle class value system. Where he is going wrong is in his unquestioning worship of elite educational qualifications, probably he had not met enough empty suits from IIT/IIM or even Harvard/Stanford. By the way, what did he mean by being flexible, does it mean what I think it means?’

Chapter 2

Stepping on a downward slope

I didn’t realise it at that time, but that interesting meeting with Gopal Sastry in Bangalore was the beginning of my several tempting and eventually fatal encounters with my own Mephistopheles thereafter. As a first step I decided to take up the offer of Gopu to be his CFO, to act as a sort of Dr.No in finance and accounting. After careful thought, and knowing full well that being ‘flexible’ in the financial context meant displaying extraordinary culinary talent in dealing with financial books, I was ready for something dramatically different from the staid and narrow financial environment then prevailing in MNCs. Of course I had enough financial and other incentives to move to Gopal Sastry’s outfit: for one thing, I had more than doubled my salary, I would sit on the board of a NYSE listed company and would have unquestioned powers to deal with all financial matters. I would no longer be restrained by boring finance manuals on what I can do. If anything, I would be the one creating these manuals.The only person who was skeptical about the whole move was, as it usually happens, my wife who could not believe that a grandson of a Vedic scholar from Srirangam temple would knowingly enter into a situation which can at best be described as dodgy. She extracted a promise from me that I would not be personally involved in anything shadowy in the company, and not personally gain from any financial adventure that Gopal Sastry and company were engineering. ‘Not to worry, my dear Gowri, my mother didn’t raise any dumb children; I will be more than careful’ I blithely assured my wife before boarding the flight to Bangalore. As it turned out, it was only the second part of my deal with Gowri that I kept, but that is running ahead of the story.

The first three months on the CFO job were really interesting, particularly for a man coming from an accounting manual oriented environment. There were financial irregularities galore wherever you turned. Kickbacks from suppliers and service providers, inflated rental values on dozens of high end corporate premises, unwanted international travel, international consulting companies milking the company: you could find all of them and many more, all presumably funnelling money back into the promoters’ account. In addition, the controls on operational aspects of the company were pathetic: sales chaps were bringing orders for less than it cost to deliver them, the delivery system had no semblance of accounting for efforts vis a vis the target prices to be reached. If you have a suspicious mind, as my wife always accuses me of having, you can always spot such financial irregularities with one quick glance. The entire company was crawling with people who were gaming the system in several different ways, and claiming that somehow they were depositing the proceeds in the promoters’ accounts. Unbelievable, but that was what I found there. However, I kept my own counsel about these matters for the time being. ‘If Gopu wants to tolerate such leakages from the company he himself owns substantially, it is his outlook’. Further I finally understood the real meaning of the enigmatic smile that crossed his face when I first met him and talked about the company’s financials. Obviously he could not suppress his amusement at anyone taking the company’s numbers seriously, given all these leakages.

I waited patiently for the right opportunity to talk to the chairman. By then I had clear ideas, some of them very uncharacteristic and devious, on how to meet his need for funds which could not be easily traced. The opportunity came in Europe with both of us seated in the first class coach of the Tunnel shuttle, speeding from London towards Brussels. Away from the office environment with well manicured French countryside flashing by, I had three hours to make my pitch. To the chairman’s credit he was sitting with knitted brows absorbing what I had to say about the company and I gave it to him straight. ‘Gopu, you must know that our entire financial system is riddled with leakage in far too many places, to be kept discreet. Simply great many people are involved at many levels, and you wouldn’t know who is doing things on their own account instead of on your behest. Secondly, this pernicious ‘anything goes’ culture has permeated into the operational aspects of the company, costing us a lot in operational inefficiencies’. The chairman asked, ‘I am not in disagreement with you, Govind, but what do you now advise me to do?’ Given a direct opening like that I eagerly expanded on my proposals, ‘the first thing we must do, Gopu, is to get rid of this sickening kick back percentages culture. At every point in our transactions. We must believe and act like a clean company in all our dealings, and must be seen as such by the outside world. We must stop the present nonsense of hundreds of people doing stupid things. And while we are at it, we must implement the operational excellence framework, so that people in sales and delivery are made to operate within tightly defined performance parameters. We must implement proper information systems, review processes, tight budgeting principles, the whole enchilada’.

That amused smile which I am getting used to a lot nowadays once again crossed the chairman’s face. ‘All well and good, Govind, but tell me how will I get funds outside the company to implement my ambitious programmes, if we don’t generate them from our operations?’ I was fully ready for this question. ‘I have a plan, Gopu, for getting funds for your ambitions, but it would involve setting up parallel operations. The plan goes like this. I suggest we set up three independent boiler room operations each of which would generate financial transactions outside the company, but using the company’s system infrastructure. This plan is devious, certainly illegal, most probably criminal, but it can be done very discreetly with only a handful of trusted people involved’. A serious look of surprise came upon the chairman, as if he could not believe that an MNC financewala would come up with ideas on financial short cuts which were borderline illegal, no, delete the borderline part. 

I went on further elaborating these schemes in greater detail. ‘Boiler Room number 1 will be generating bogus invoices on non existent customers, booking sales and accounts receivables as entries; BR1 would complete the entire cycle of such fake sales on a quarterly basis mixing it up with actual receipts and actual sales. If we keep these fake revenues to about 5 or maximum 10% of real sales, we would be able to balance these entries convincingly’ . The chairman wanted to learn more, ‘what about the other two boiler rooms?’. Egged on like this I continued, ‘BR2 will deal with fake payroll, adding on 5 to 10% of our new intake of employees to our payroll costs; it would credit these fake employee accounts and later take away these funds on a monthly basis. And finally coming to boiler room number 3, it would be generating additional equity shares under our ESOP scheme, again about 5-10% over the real ESOP volumes, in favour of unnamed beneficiaries.’ Gopal Sastry was smitten with the elegance and neatness of these three boiler room schemes, ‘For one thing, taken together they can generate enough funds for my future plans; and they are so discreet, we will only need a handful of trusted people. I know already who I should tap for these operations. What will be your role in it, Govind?’

‘That is the beauty of this scheme, Gopu. Neither you, nor me for that matter, would be directly involved in any of these boiler room operations. We both stay away from them as far as possible and our finger prints would be nowhere to be found. You will go about expanding your business plans and I would be busy cleaning up the financial systems in our regular set up.’ I gave him my most reassuring smile. For the next one hour or so we were trying to pick holes in my boiler room schemes, doing risk mitigation in the language of management types. ‘As long as we stay within limits, closer to 5% than 10% of the numbers we are trying to manipulate, and the whole thing is kept between a handful of people, we can run this system for a long time. But remember, Gopu, if you exceed the ten percent limit, we will be found out in no time at all, the edifice would collapse and that would be personally catastrophic for both of us’

At this time you would be forgiven for thinking ‘This Govind chap, for all his professional sophistication, is bit of a shit. Here he is the grandson of a Vedic scholar from Srirangam giving ideas to a crooked businessman on how to cook his books of accounts. What has got into him?’ I had good reasons for doing what I did, and you have to be patient till you reach the end of this story before you come to any judgement about me.

Before the train reached Brussels Midi station, the chairman thoroughly understood whatever I was proposing, boiler rooms and all, and enthusiastically endorsed the whole thing. We both agreed that we would initiate the new approach the moment we went back home to Bangalore the following week.

Chapter 3.

The fall following a spectacular rise.

For ten years after our train ride to Brussels, we were on a roll. I mean the company, its chairman and even your humble narrator. The company beat all performance parameters, quarter on quarter, and its stock was riding high on the stock exchange, both NSE and NYSE and everywhere else our stock was traded. I was smiling inwardly, telling myself that a five or ten percent boost in sales numbers with no costs attached would work wonders for any company. Our chairman Gopal Sastry was the darling of the CEO community all over the world, quickly becoming a champion of the corporate governance movement. Gopu was basking in the adulation of chattering classes in the business world, appearing on the cover of glossy magazines here and spouting wisdom from the TV screens there. He was in his element those day, as a regular inhabitant of the Davos crowd rubbing shoulders with top bankers, finance ministers and tech tycoons. I had never seen him happier. It all goes to show that in the present day business world, if you can speak in full and complete sentences, you can hold total sway over many people, no matter what scams you are pulling underneath.

What about poor little me, you may well ask. I became the quintessential clean up artist inside the company, getting rid of that disgusting kick back culture of the earlier era. To his credit, Gopu never once interfered in whatever I did to the bring the company’s processes and systems to an outstanding international standard. My monthly review meetings with the sales and operating teams became the stuff of internal corporate lore, when every last item of non-performance completely exposed. Sure, I fired a number of people who were cooking up their performance data, or padding expenses or otherwise engaged in suspicious transactions. The company’s operations soon became the epitome of good professional practices. The professional in me enjoyed a quiet pride in turning around the real part of the company into an efficient, performing machine.

In all this tamasha, I followed two unvarying rules. One, I kept a very low public profile and stayed out of the limelight. I mean completely. Not for me the fawning write-ups in the business press and glowing accounts of my business prowess. I declined all requests for press interviews and spurned all kinds of idiotic awards like the ‘CFO of the year’. The only time the public saw me was during the quarterly video calls with investment analysts, where people noticed my direct and sharp answers to their queries. Articles about me, if they appeared at all, always included phrases like, ‘publicity shy and low profile’. The second rule which I never broke was to keep a safe distance from the boiler room operations, and not to have anything to do with how they operated which can be traced back to me personally. I knew Gopu had appointed a crooked accountant to run these boiler rooms, working independent of each other under his guidance, all strictly oral and nothing written down. All I had to do was the consolidation thing: to add the results of their efforts every quarter to the company’s financial numbers and massage the whole thing a bit. Other than adding the fake sales and payroll numbers to the sales revenue, accounts receivable and bank balance accounts I had nothing to with boiler rooms at all. Even those entries I made sure that some innocent junior accountant would do these transactions, without raising undue doubts.

All good things come to an end sometime or the other. Even well conceived scams, however conceptually elegant they might be. After ten years of good run, I might even say great run, I could sense that our chairman was becoming greedy for more power and recognition. He was beginning to step far and wide, much beyond his financial ability to initiate big projects. He began a big play for construction and infrastructure projects, which needed a lot of upfront equity investment, funds which he did not have. Therefore, much against my specific advice, he turned up the volume of these boiler room operations. From the ten percent limit which I emphatically told him to stick to, he was moving the needle to 15, 18 and even 20% of the genuine transaction values. The resulting accounting entries were going all over the place, and any moderately competent investment analyst could spot something was going wrong with our cash positions against reported sales. One night I confronted the chairman at his residence on this very matter, ‘I know what you are doing, Gopu, and it is not going to end well. Already analysts are asking me why we are delaying payments to suppliers and service providers, while we show large bank balances. It is just a matter of time before people find out about the boiler rooms’. The chairman was visibly perturbed about the potential impact of his over reach, said ‘So what would you advise me to do?’ I swallowed hard before responding to him, ‘Look, Gopu, it is not going to be easy, but we don’t have many options at this stage. First we must shut down all these boiler room operations right away and hide their tracks. I will begin to clean up their effects in our books, which process will take me about six months. You will have to pony up the funds to clear the bank accounts, since we have to undo all the fake transactions in our bank balances. And we must of course come out of all these fancy new projects you have undertaken recently’. As he was watching me silently absorbing all this news, I gave him the final blow ‘While we are at it we must also find a way to sell our company off to an international outfit; some months back people from GE and IBM were making a tentative approach to me along these lines. I can approach them to assess their interest’. This was a serious body blow to the chairman who had invested his entire personality and every bit of his existence in his company, and there was no way he was going to part with it. Like some people who become maniacally optimistic when pushed into a tight corner, he began to see the bright side, ‘I think you are over reacting to the 20% numbers, Govind. At the most a couple of quarters, and we will pull through as we are, riding out this blip. So hold your horses, man, and keep cool’. I disagreed with him on the spot, and repeated my advice about winding down the boiler rooms right away.

In the event we did not have six months, perhaps not even two months, before things hotted up. One night around one am I got a call on my mobile phone. I was surprised to see it was from our chairman. ‘Govind, I am downstairs in the lobby of your apartment. Why don’t you come down so we can talk?’ I hurriedly put on my trousers and shirt and rushed downstairs. I was struck by the pitiful sight of the patrician figure of Gopal Sastry looking haggard and stressed out; it was evident that he was in some serious mental turmoil. Instead of taking his car where his driver could hear us talk, I insisted on driving my car with him seated next to me. For the next couple of hours we drove around aimlessly in the quiet streets of nighttime Bangalore. And talked. Boy, did we talk. The chairman updated me with the latest. The company’s bankers and auditors had initiated a criminal complaint against the company in the past twenty-four hours and the enforcement directorate was beginning a serious investigation of the company, its chairman and CFO in that order. He was completely flustered. ‘What is to be done now, Govind? How do we handle this matter?’ I was dreading this very moment ever since I learnt about the chairman exceeding the safe limits of ten percent, but this was not the time to point it out to him. I tried to calm him down while hiding my own apprehensions, ‘There is no way to ‘handle’ the Enforcement Directorate, Gopu, as you charmingly put it. They are a law unto themselves. We have no good options now. You just have to deny everything, saying you have no personal knowledge of the activities going on underneath. You have to brazen it out, Gopu, and it would take a lot of mental stamina. And one more thing. You should blame the whole thing on the CFO, that is myself; on all accounting matters, you can truthfully say you did not concern yourself with the details and the CFO did’. The chairman who was expecting me to distance myself from the whole matter was rather surprised. ‘If I blame everything on you, man, you will be in serious trouble. What will you do?’. I gave him what I thought was my most reassuring and confident smile, ‘You can watch me in action, Gopu. This is the very moment I have been preparing for the past one year or so, ever since you amped up the numbers to 20%. I have my own plan, and don’t worry, it does not involve implicating you in any way’

In those possibly final moments of my employment in the company, our roles were reversed. Now it was me giving instructions to the chairman, ‘Go home, Gopu, and pack a duffel bag with comfortable clothes, shaving kit, medicines, books and walking shoes. That is all you will need for the next few months if not years. Have no further contacts with the boiler room chaps, and the man who ran them. I hope you have not written any mails to them nor signed on any document from them. Most important, do not answer or initiate any telephone calls on your land line and mobile numbers; assume they are all bugged in nine different ways. Finally this is a serious, Gopu, and the next few months will test every bit of your resolve to save yourself. Self preservation is the only goal now for both of us. You are on your own here, keep that in mind.’

That was the last time I saw Gopal Sastry, the chairman of the erstwhile aspiring global conglomerate. Even though I myself was in a serious legal trouble mostly due to his over extending ambition, I was genuinely ambivalent about what to think of the man. All his learnings from the books in his lovely library, Hemingway’s iceberg theory and all, did not teach him not to step outside practical limits. As you can imagine, I didn’t spend much more time thinking about him that night. I had my own fish to fry, as they say.

Chapter 4.

The final fade out.

I was arrested one midnight not many days after my night time drive with the chairman. It was a classic KGB inspired manoeuvre: the sleuths swoop in after 1 am, quickly show you some hastily signed documentation and drag you away in front your screaming wife in the police Sumo van. When they came to take me, the ED chaps were flummoxed to see me ready, packed duffel bag and all, and no screaming wife in sight. That was so, since I had alerted Gowri in the previous six months to the possibility of my arrest. Considering how efficiently I was arrested, what followed was very anti-climactic. Neither me, nor, I suspect, the chairman were clearly told exactly for what crimes we were being arrested. Vague and indefinite allegations were made about swindling the company by creating false sales records, cheating the shareholders by inflating company’s profits and in general playing fast and loose with the company’s accounts. We were lodged in different prisons for interrogation in detention which I believe is the official term. I could not say how well the chairman was bearing up with his changed accommodation. My training in my early life with hostels and campsites kicked in, and I didn’t mind very much the bad food and poor sanitary conditions.

In all this confusion, the news media went to town doing what they do best, namely indulge in speculation without any foundation of facts. Overnight, the chairman was transformed from a former corporate governance guru to a diabolical charlatan sucking the blood of honest shareholders. Gopal Sastry’s fancy watch collection and his past utterances in Davos were mockingly featured, confirming to me that there was no real news to go around. There were also some dark reports about yours truly, saying ‘how Govind Achar had fooled everyone by his smart repartees in analysts conferences, with brilliant display of fake numbers on his fingertips’. In the eyes of the press, I became a Dr.No of finance, giving these devious ideas to the chairman.

In the meantime, I had my own problems with the sleuths from the Enforcement Directorate to deal with. I stopped them when they started questioning me in Hindi, since many of them were from the heartland. My competence in Hindi was limited to a few choice swear words, and I didn’t think they were in a mood to listen to them. That was how I was landed with Vimal Kumar Fialoke, a senior deputy director in charge of investigations. Fialoke was a competent interrogator very fluent in English and only moderately fluent in modern accounting practices, thus giving me a slight edge. However, he was a consummate professional with a subtle and beguiling interrogation technique, lulling his prey into complacency before pouncing on him at the first sign of any lapse. Fialoke and I went at each other for about fifteen sessions each lasting about ten to twelve hours; halfway through this process, it was becoming clear to me that Fialoke did not have much concrete matter he could confront me with on fraud. He waved a lot of papers at me: auditors’ statements, bankers deposit receipts, even copies of fake invoices asking me how I explained them. In such cases I would explain in a greatly exaggerated calm tone of voice, ‘These documents are well and good, Fialoke saab, but tell me where is my signature in any of them? What is your proof that I was personally initiating any of these frauds?’ To his credit, Fialoke remained silent when confronted with questions about my direct involvement. I was hoping it was the same case with the chairman and his interrogators.

By then it was nearing two years after my arrest and no charge sheets had been filed against me, or the chairman for that matter. From what I could piece together the ED had tracked down about 80% of the false invoices and 20% of the fake payroll operations, and the biggest surprise of all, they had no clue about the dummy ESOPs we gave to the chairman and his family. There simply was no trace of Boiler Room number three, god bless its creators and operators. When I came to that conclusion, my respect for the man who ran the boiler room operations shot up. Srinivas Kolluri is the man to go to if you ever needed a crooked accountant; I initially thought Kolluri was an oily character but he had outwitted the entire government’s investigation machinery by hiding his tracks effectively. While the crimes of false invoices and payroll had been traced with good documentation, the ED simply could not establish a direct link either to me or the chairman, to prove we were the ones to green light these crimes. 

When I became sure of my ground on these facts, I decided to amp up the matter from my side. I threw a fit when Fialoke came to interrogate me for the nth time. ‘Look here, mister. I have been put in this dungeon for the past two years, with all my bank accounts and assets frozen. You are yet to show me a shred of evidence that I actually signed off or acquiesced in these fraudulent schemes. I demand a hearing in front of a judge in the appropriate court of law. Till that happens I will refuse to meet you nor participate in any more of your silly fishing expeditions’

Either as a result of my tantrums, or the increasing political pressure on the ED to close all outstanding cases, I got my day in court. I was ready for it and in fact made a production number of my court room appearance. I made sure that Gowri sat in the front row, along with my son and daughter, a solid display of my middle class origins if ever there was one. Then I made a point of representing myself in my own case, dispensing with any high powered legal help. Likewise I declined the offer of getting freshly laundered clothes for my court appearance, preferring to be in my prison garb since I didn’t care one way or other about how I looked. When my turn came I rose up slowly and started speaking in a clear voice. ‘Respected judges, you must wonder why I am representing myself without the aid of a lawyer in this complex case. The fact of the matter is that as a middle class professional, I simply cannot afford any lawyer with all my life’s savings and assets frozen by the ED. But then it is not a complicated defence for me, and I can adequately defend myself from the flimsiest kind of evidence presented against me.’ After this initial salvo I continued in the same vein ‘Conceding, without admitting, that false revenue records and fake payroll may have been created in the company, there is no single slip of paper, email or conference call records to show that I as the CFO or indeed my boss as the chairman were directly implicated in any of these heinous schemes. I submit to you gentlemen that we are just innocent bystanders, just as shocked as everyone here.’ I went on driving home the same no-proof defence for some more time.

Then I changed tack and directed the court’s attention towards myself. ‘What this case has done, gentlemen, apart from falsely accusing me, it has destroyed my entire professional standing. Before all this happened the financial information systems and the rigorous review processes we had set up in the company were the envy of all top companies. Now two years on, this unjustified accusations on the CFO have impugned the very man who wrought the entire edifice from first principles. For the last two years, the only reason the company has been able to withstand all kinds of turmoil swirling about its reputation, is the solid financial and operating system we put in place in my time’

By that time I was soaring and ready for the final, solid blow. ‘Finally, gentlemen, I urge you to ask the most important question of all. Assuming, without admitting to any of these crimes, what did I gain from this multi billion dollar caper? Just for a moment, reflect on what motivates a middle class man to commit financial crimes. ED’s team here would tell you that they had turned over all my bank accounts, assets, apartment ownership and every last bit of kit and caboodle. My total net worth is in single digit crores, all in India, and perfectly reasonable for a man who held top finance positions for the past twenty years. A pitiful amount for a top crook, you will admit. What is the point of engineering a billion dollar crime if you cannot grab a tiny sliver of its proceeds? It is clear that I had no financial motivation to guide, advise or indeed engineer a crime of this magnitude. The illogic of the ED’s position on this very point escapes me’ I sat down slowly winding up my discourse. I looked at my wife, Gowri, who was giving me a sharp look. Then and there she realised that I had kept my promise about not taking a paisa out of the company’s doubtful transactions.

It would have been nice to say that my dramatic court appearance that day altered the course of the case. That would not be true and I will come to that in a bit. What really changed that day by my somewhat overblown histrionics in the court was the public perception of me. Thanks to mobile phone audio recordings and the commentaries of several lawyers gathered in court that day, I became an overnight press sensation. From a Dr.No type of evil doer, I was beginning to be seen as good guy caught in bad circumstances. The central argument that I personally gained nothing out of the whole deal appealed to the nation’s executive class which was brought upon the WIFM factor. What Is In It For Me, is always a reliable way to identify motivation.

I might have thought I had pulled a good court room stunt, the Indian version of Ralph Richardson in Witness for the Prosecution, but the court remained unconvinced. Anyway, just as I had expected, nothing changed in the case. It wound down to its somewhat predictable end with me getting a five year sentence, with time already served being counted. Gopal Sastry, poor chap, got seven years besides getting stripped of his company’s ownership. I believe he had a series of health setbacks while in prison and was frequently hospitalised. In my case, I kept myself reasonably busy writing this narrative and helping my fellow inmates with their petitions and appeals for clemency. 

I came out of Arthur Road prison three and half years after the night I was arrested, a free man this time.

Chapter 5.

Following the law, an alternate point of view

Strictly speaking, the story should have ended in the last chapter with me coming out of jail, allowing the reader to make what they want out of the characters and their motivation to do what they did.  But then, it would not satisfy some of you who care to know how we justified our ‘fraudulent’ actions to ourselves, and hence this chapter. I will keep it brief, I promise.

The first question most people ask me is why I did not cut a deal with the ED, giving evidence against the chairman, thereby saving myself from going to prison. I could have easily done that, by giving some juicy bits of information to the ED and getting out of the whole ruckus. But then, it would have been a demeaning thing to do, insulting behaviour for a pompous guy like me. Remember, who was the prince among men who first planted all these fancy boiler room ideas in the chairman’s head? That would be me, no questions. Furthermore, I genuinely did not want to harm anyone who did not harm me in any way, the chairman included. I so hate this modern tendency of wanting to get ahead in life by trampling upon others.

Even discounting the soft corner I had for Gopal Sastry, I did not believe the chairman did all these fraudulent schemes to make money for himself. I told you already his lifestyle was rather simple, sturdy old car, middle class values and all. Unlike other business tycoons, he did not buy himself multiple residences abroad, nor spend time cavorting with fancy movie stars. His only indulgences were his fancy watch collection and an ever-expanding library, not very expensive hobbies if you really looked at it. The entire proceeds of these infamous boiler room operations went into building up the company, in terms of skills, facilities and yes a great international reputation. None of it would come cheap, you should know that. Consider these facts, if you doubt me. When the fraud was found out, the company had reported a top line revenue of US dollars 3 Billion. Assuming 20% of the reported revenue were bogus numbers, it was still a 2.4 billion dollar company in real money. Now tell me, in the recent times how many Indian companies had achieved 2 billion dollar revenue in an internationally competitive business? Not many. If you must know, when the our company was sold as a result of all this drama, the people who bought it had clocked up an annual revenue of just 200 million dollars on their own steam. A mouse swallowing an elephant, that is what it was. Now take all these facts into the mix and ask yourself this question: was it wrong for a man from a traditional farming family in the Cauvery basin, to bend a few rules so that he can build a top performing company with global reputation? I am sure you will arrive at a different conclusion this time. Furthermore, you have to give him some credit for staying home, and facing the music in India. He didn’t run away and hide in London or the Bahamas, till things cooled down at home.

Having said all that, my personal view is that the chairman had made two critical mistakes in his approach. The first one is that he exceeded the ten percent limit, due to a combination of greed, ambition and some darkly hinted at political pressure. Had he strictly stayed within the limits laid down by me, who knows we would still be cranking out our schemes happily. The second mistake? He got caught, man, and that was a fatal error. Every successful crook knows that rule about not getting caught.

Even today, many of my friends tell me that I should have stayed in the MNC culture and not ventured outside. At least you would not have gone to prison, they tell me. The only response I have for them is that they do not know how the real environment operates in these companies. For an ambitious professional, in his mid career, who wants to achieve things without the confining influences of procedures, these limitations could be stifling.

Finally, was it right for me and for that matter the chairman, to cook our books and show false results to the investing community? Now let me warn you not to drag my grandfather from Srirangam into this discussion, as he had nothing to do with it. Frankly I am getting a bit fed up about this comparison with this Vedic Scholar stuff. I have a decent explanation for the whole thing, and this is how it goes. All laws in the world, relating to commerce, business and perhaps even social conventions, were made by people who had succeeded in their lives. Some of these successful people, no, make it most of these people, achieved their success by violating these very principles in the first place. And once they reached the top, they went around creating road blocks for others to succeed, in the form of these rules and regulations. If you don’t believe me you can look up the history of stock exchange rules and their governing structures. You will find the biggest and shadiest of inside traders at the top. Put another way, if you are a straight and law abiding player in business or commerce, sticking to closely defined regulatory paths, you can never achieve any degree of phenomenal success. Exactly that was the goal the regulatory environment was designed to achieve, that is to keep down the unwashed, the common man, and in this case corporate players without pedigree and connections. People like the chairman, and to a limited extent myself, have known about these philosophical limitations of prevailing laws, and try from time to time to break away from them, not always successfully. 

Paraphrasing what Antony Hopkins said in one of his movies, ‘what one man has done before, another man can also do’. Coming to our present context, the governance structures with their rules and regulations on commerce and business are only man-made, and not some god-given edicts. Who is to say they are the only right things to follow, and all others are wrong? That is all I am saying.

September 19, 2021.

Preparing your portfolio for a rainy day is critical to meeting your financial goals. Let’s talk about how I can help. https://mgstn.ly/3O1ZgXp
        

US equities decline following the FOMC's decision to raise rates 75-basis-points. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

The Fed’s fight against inflation looks far from over. Is your portfolio prepared? Let’s discuss ways to help you navigate what’s ahead.
        

Climate change is now an economic reality and is seen as a growing risk for investors, corporations and governments. If you are seeking a more resilient and lower carbon future, while pursuing your financial goals, we have investment options to consider. Learn more.
        

Equity markets trade lower ahead of tomorrow's highly anticipated FOMC meeting. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

A key strategy for boosting long-term returns—which may not necessarily add risk—is being smart about tax efficiency. Here’s how.
        

From startup to IPO and beyond, discover how Morgan Stanley at Work can help you simplify and streamline equity plan management with this guide.
        

S&P 500 declines on Thursday as 2-year Treasury rates rise to highest level since 2007. Read more in the 1% Move report:
        

As you approach retirement, consider shifting from growth to preservation. Watch to learn more steps you can take to plan for your retirement goals. https://mgstn.ly/3prV49o
        

You’ve done well managing your own investments so far. Imagine what we could do together? Here are five reasons to set up time with me today. https://mgstn.ly/3zWmJFF
        

Scammers can be very convincing, especially when pretending to offer tech support. Here are some tips to help you detect their deceptive tactics.
        


Get notified about new Stock jobs in United States.

Get notified about new Lseg (london Stock Exchange Group) jobs in United States.

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Get notified about new Trading Analyst jobs in Bengaluru, Karnataka, India.

Farmers want Govt to begin purchasing immediately

As the new kharif moong (green gram) hits the markets in North Karnataka, prices of the pulses crop are trading lower at around ₹5,100 a quintal, much lower than the minimum support price of ₹6,975 announced by the Centre.

In fact, the prevailing prices in the State are also lower than last year’s support price of ₹5,575/quintal, growers said, while demanding that the government spell out the procurement strategy for the season and begin purchasing from the markets.

The CACP (Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices) has estimated the cost of production of moong at ₹4,650 per quintal and the Centre has declared a 50 per cent increase over this as MSP for the current year.

In Karnataka, moong is largely grown in the dry belts of northern parts of the State, and Gadag is a major market for the pulses crop. Prices in Gadag, where the arrivals began in last week of July, have come down steadily over the past fortnight. On July 25, the modal price in Gadag stood at ₹5,982 a quintal, which has now reduced to around ₹5,100 levels.

“Average prices are hovering between ₹4,500 and ₹5,000 levels in various markets. The government should intervene immediately to stabilise the prices,” said Chamras Malipatil, Honorary President of the Karnataka Rajya Raitha Sangha and Hasiru Sene. “We are planning to stage a protest demanding a legal sanctity for the MSP in early September,

Farmers, this year, have brought in more area under moong in Karnataka, one of the largest producers of the pulses crop. The widespread pre-monsoon showers in the region during May had aided the sowing in the region. Moong, one of the key pulses, has a short crop cycle and is ready to harvest within 60-65 days after planting.

“The crop is looking better this year on higher yields, boosted by good rains in early June,” said Sujay Hubli, a processor of pulses based in Gadag. The trade is buying the new crop on a need basis and there’s some demand coming in from buyers in neighbouring Maharashtra, he added.

However, the latest spell of rains over the past couple of days in Northern Karnataka is seen impeding the harvest. Trade sources said if the current spell of rains prolongs for more than a week then it may hurt the standing crop.

India’s moong production in 2017-18 stood at 19 lakh tonnes (lt), lower than the previous year’s 21.7 lt. Production during kharif 2017 season stood at 13.9 lt, of which about 2.93 lt was procured by Nafed under the price support scheme. Bulk of the procurement — about 2.6 lt took place in Rajasthan during kharif last year, while in Karnataka it was 21,758 tonnes. Most of the green gram stocks, procured by government agencies from Karnataka and Maharashtra last year, have already been liquidated, while there are huge stocks in Rajasthan estimated at around 2.09 lt.

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

Visit my blogs for new Fundamentally good Stocks.

http://udalvi.blogspot.in/2016/02/stock-of-dayarrow-textiles.html

Hey there! This article is based on our second year major project of KL University named SDP(skill development project). On this regard a research work should be published. How we interacted with the user and what are the key insights that we gained and how we are going to design our project is this article all about.

Team Mates :

1) VENKATA SOWMYA KANCHARLA

2)KONDAVEETI SRAVANI

3)YAMINI CHOWDARY VAKALAPUDI

Our batch number is 485

Introduction :

The Stock Exchange Management System (SEM) refers to the system and processes to manage the stock of organization with the involvement of Technology system. The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in countries in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined.

Capital Market : Capital market is where both equity and debt instrument like equity shares, preference shares, debentures, bonds, etc. are bought and sold.

Functions of Capital Market:

Classification:

There are two types of capital market

1. Primary market - The primary market is a new issue market; it solely deals with the issues of new securities. A place where trading of securities is done for the first time.

Functions of Primary Market:

2. Secondary market - The secondary market is a place where trading takes place for existing securities. It is known as stock exchange or stock market. Here the securities are bought and sold by the investors. 

Functions of Secondary Market:

What actually is Stock Exchange?

Stock Exchange is an association or a individual which is established for the purpose of assisting, regulating, and controlling business in buying, selling and dealing in securities.

Functions of Stock Exchange:

Objectives and Goals of SEM:

1. To provide a fair, transparent and efficient securities market to investors using electronic trading system.

2. To establish nationwide trading facility for equities and debt instruments.

3.To ensure equal access to investors all over the country through an appropriate communication network.

ABSTRACT:

The stock exchange represents the key institution for the development of capital market of any country. Thus the information system of every stock exchange must satisfy very strict international standards. The development of these systems is particularly difficult in transition, due to intense economic and legal changes, lack of technical and financial resources, lack of experience and knowledge in the area of the capital market business, etc. Therefore the special software project management methodology for their realization must be clearly defined. In order to make all the problems more comprehensive trading method in the world is used.

SURVEY:

THE STOCK EXCHANGE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS SURVEY will be conducted by our team members where we can understand the requirements of the users as well as the problems being faced by them The stock exchange represents one of the key institutions responsible for proper functioning of economy as a whole. This fact is true for all countries and helps explain why so much attention is given to regulation, monitoring and advancement of the exchanges. In order to gain the trust of all the participants in the capital market, the stock exchange is made completely transparent, so to speak, yet completely secure. It means that the trading rules on the stock exchange are known to the public, but the way in which the actual stock exchange works and the way in which these rules are implemented remains a well kept secret. Therefore no specific information can be obtained about the information systems of the stock exchange, only some general specifications of technical infrastructure.

MODULES:

We are thinking of four modules which consists of :

1. The development of the system that would handle the trading of bonds

2. Expanding the system by introducing new trading methods

3. Trading with all market materials

4. Introducing remote access Development and implementation of the stock exchange information system represents a responsible and difficult task, the realization of which require substantial financial resources, as well as human and technical resources. Limited material, staff and technical resources were the main factors that influenced many countries that were undergoing a period of transition to take over the stock exchange information systems of countries with developed market economies.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT METHODOLOGY :

Project management is mainly defined as being able to apply skills, knowledge and techniques in such a way as to finish all the necessary work and jobs that the project itself demands, or, in other words, that are vital to the successful completion of the project. Therefore the analysis was made of all previously existing project management methodologies. The conclusion drawn from this analysis was that the chosen methodology must always be clearly defined and applicable to most IT projects.

Contents of the article and the concepts:

I) Photos during the interaction, interviews and conducting surveys:

II) Charts and graphs on surveys we conduct - using google forms survey.

III) Video recording - (Interview with users)

IV) Online Research Links:

A number of brokerages and financial institutions provide online platforms for exchanging currency, .These platforms provide buy and sell prices, charts for trend analysis and economic reports to help with exchange decisions. Banks, hedge funds and traders use these types of platforms to speculate in currencies, trying to generate returns for their clients or themselves. Despite the risks associated with buying and selling currencies , it’s one of the best ways to exchange large sums of money.

        

    Online Searching portals:

1.)https://www.5paisa.com/online-trading

2.) https://ttweb.indiainfoline.com/trade/login.aspx

3.) https://trade.angelbroking.com/

4.) https://upstox.com/

5.) https://www.edelweiss.in/market

V) The customer journey map :

One of the advantages of the stock exchange is that is enjoys economies of scale because so much money passes through it. This helps to keep costs low, making it less expensive to buy and sell stocks.

A stock exchange can use millions of transactions to spread fixed costs of setting up and maintaining orderly and secure trading

Our customer journey map link

https://custellence.com/app/public/40207017

VI) User persona :

A user persona is a semi-fictional character based on your current or ideal customer. Personas can be created by talking to users and segmenting by various demographic and psychographic data to improve your product marketing.

VII) Empathy Map

An empathy map is a collaborative tool teams can use to gain a deeper insight into their customers. Much like a user persona, an empathy map can represent a group of users, such as a customer segment.

An Affinity Diagram is a tool that gathers large amounts of ideas, opinions, issues and organizes them into groupings based on their natural relationships. The Affinity process is often used to group ideas generated by Brainstorming.

Customer Journey Map:

Customer journey mapping also called user journey mapping is the process of creating a visual story of your customers' interactions with your brand. This exercise helps businesses step into their customer's shoes and see their business from the customer's perspective.

IX) Meeting with SDP2 Our Faculty Team (Recording)

(will be updated soon)

X) The Final List Of Users:

Most of the people these days tend to buy stocks online; it's much easier and quicker. Therefore, it's only natural that this activity is growing more interest and desire for people to try it themselves.

1)stock buyers

2)stock sellers

3) invested people(to keep a track on their stock prices)

4) working in stock markets

XI) User Stories For Each User:

Note: Permission has been taken from all the people shown in this article to upload it.

*********************************************

All the content present in this article is original work of SDP - 2 (Batch-485)

Reuse of the same content is strictly prohibited except for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research.

Author's written permission to be taken in prior to reuse the content.

*************************************************

Thank you!!!

With the Open To Work feature, you can privately tell recruiters or publicly share with the LinkedIn community that you are looking for new job opportunities.

This job is no longer available, but here are similar jobs you might like.

