Join FREE technical analysis classes by India's best known technical analyst KUNAL SARAOGI. www.equityrush.com Or Call 7982966021

22 Students of Parul University Crack GATE - The Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering With 3 students in TOP 100, the Gate Coaching cell at PU is committed to assure the best opportunities for Engineering Students of PU such as these who now have secured their post graduation at one of the most elite organisations across the nation.

#Rich #poor #finance #club #university #students #investment #education #money #learn #learning

”I was studying to be an architect, I wasn't plotting to join the movies. Films were just another career option. I took acting up with the same schoolgirl enthusiasm I had for Architecture. The flexibility in the curriculum and the creative of the course really helped me to pursue my dreams.” says Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
It is not always the experience that teaches you to be a better person, but your willingness which makes you work and learn hard for it. in fact, it is ultimately on us, to grab the best opportunities that come in our way. and make the best out of it. Architecture has always remained first career choice of gorgeous and glamorous girls like Aishwarya.
Faculty of Architecture & Planning - Parul University
is proud to share this fact and aspires potential students to ”#Join_Architecture_and_be_like_her...”-
The fashion shows during the University annual festival would become the first step for all such students to become fashion icon like her.
#architecture

Hello Everyone.
Glad to be a part of @indiaclanapp.The app is now live where you can find my channels 3 for Maket Analysis , Futures positional trades and options positional trades respectively.This will ensure huge profits consistently. Personal consultations also available in case you want the guidance regarding stocks and portfolios.Download the app now.https://4gso.short.gy/DownloadIndiaClan
#indiaclanapp #indiaclan #mitamehta #stockmarket #stockmarketindia #nifty
Thank you,
Mita Mehta,CMT

Drop your ways of tracking in the comments below!
#SmartOneRepublic #AngelOne #AngelOneForAll #Investments #StockMarket #Traders #Trading

Hello,
Malkansview is glad to announce its next Comprehensive Advance Course From 12th December morning 7am – 9am.
If you have liked the webinar Mentor Vishal did on RSI few days ago then this is the right program for you as there will be complete 360 degree change in the way you look at RSI and its use.
If you want to watch the webinar again here is the link - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWARA9G_XIQ
Secondly the course will cover the Advance Study of Candlesticks. As you must be aware that Mentor Vishal B Malkan is a certified Candlesticks Expert by Nison University.
The complete course contents and other details can be viewed here http://www.malkansview.com/ComprehensiveProgramA.aspx
The course has participants who are working and hence it will conducted on mutually agreed convenient time slots so that no one misses any session.
Usually the sessions will be on weekdays morning 7-9 or evening 4-6 and 6-8. If anybody misses any session due to any unavoidable circumstances then we will do the same session on 1-1 basis again.
The course can be done online too and students from any part of the world can attend this program.
In the current ongoing batch of Advance Program we have student from 6 different cities.
We assure you that this course will take your trading and analysis to the next level.
Feel Free if you have any queries.
Also would like to let you know that over Master Program is also beginning from 14th Dec http://www.malkansview.com/MastersProgram.aspx
And Mentor Program from 15th Dec. (only 2 seats left). http://www.malkansview.com/MentorLanding.aspx
Regards
Malkansview

A CME-cum-Workshop on “Role of Essential Newborn Care (ENBC) in reduction of Neonatal Mortality Rate” was recently organized at the University. Gujarat is committed to provide comprehensive care under Reproductive, Maternal, Newborn and Child Health plus Adolescents’ Health Strategy (RMNCH+A) to reach the unreached and to serve the unserved. Newborn health is one of the key areas which has to be worked on for reduction of Infant and thereby the child mortality rates. This CME-cum-Workshop therefore focused on the aforementioned topic to encourage everyone for child survival. The CME was conducted by Department of PSM and Department of Paediatrics at Parul Institute of Medical Sciences & Research. Around 230 delegates participated in the CME across the different Medical Colleges of Gujarat. The CME was followed by a workshop and hands on training for Medical Officers and Staff Nurses from different PHCs and CHCs. Eminent speakers were invited from Gujarat as well as out of Gujarat. Participants were also allotted 5 credit hours by Gujarat Medical Council.

#ArchitectureArchives
Despite being widespread across other Asian countries of the world, it is a known fact that the origin of #Buddhism as a faith, is ascribed to India. World's most ancient Buddhist monuments and relics are located in India; and they keep attracting researchers globally. The present thesis seeks to act as a knowledge centre for visitors to offer all required and expected information about Buddhism. Sharing the glimpses of Pilgrim Centre at Bodhgaya - Bihar.

Renault has finally unveiled the Kiger in its production form and aside from the pricing. Here's everything you need to know⤵️
#Renault #Tech #Auto

Come learn about the opportunities for lawyers in the fintech & blockchain industry featuring Adv. P. M. Mishra as Key Speaker.
Join now 👉🏻 http://bit.ly/BitKE-Catapult-50
#FinLaw #blockchain #fintech #cryptocurrency

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

NTA offers Live Technical Analysis Course. Know Stock market Basics and our Technical Analysts assist you to make big profit using advanced indicators given by technical analysis software.

Professional Training and Coaching

Surat, Gujarat

E-Learning Providers

Financial Services

Sangli, Maharashtra

Jodhpur, Rajasthan

Mumbai, Maharastra

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Gujaratis are considered to be an उत्सव-प्रिय (festival loving) community. Our calendar years begin with the celebration of #Uttarayan (#MakarSankranti), the festival of #kites. Members of my community are also considered to be the movers and shapers of stock markets in the country. I try and narrate a few lessons that I learnt regarding the stock markets from the festival of Uttarayan-

Sustained presence of wind is an extremely important component for the festival of Uttarayan to be enjoyed wholeheartedly. On a few festival days, the wind is in abundance while on other occasions, it is scarce beyond frustration. On an average out of the four sessions (morning-evening) on the 14-15th of every January, there is at least a presence of any two forms of wind phases- High, Medium & Low Wind. These differing phases typify the Bullish and Bearish trends in stock markets. Depending on these three phases, the following observations come to my mind-

'बहुत हवा है यार आज तो' phase

- Notwithstanding the fundamentals of a particular company's scrip, there is a certain sense of 'feel-good' in the market during a bullish phase. It tends to bringing the irregular investors (trying to make a quick buck) into the stock-markets too. One can go and check stock market numbers before the Reliance Power IPO in early 2008 to get a feel of the same. Nearly every kind of scrip has the ability to make money, operator-run scrips make hay while the sun shines and intra-day trading tend to reach an all-time high.

- This is the phase which exhibits abundance of wind thereby making kite-flying easier. One needs to only give a push (thumka) to the kite when it is placed in an apt direction and the wind does the rest of the work. This phase witnesses almost all the participants on the terrace coming into the picture. The selfie-generation youngsters, who were till now glued to their snapchat and Instagram accounts, sometimes suo-moto while sometimes on being coaxed by their parents, show some intent to pursue kite-flying too. All kind of kites, without proper knot tied (kinya) or one without proper knot-balancing (sun-sun) and in some cases, when some auteurs decide to fly even the partially torn kites, they all fly far and high.

'हवा कहाँ है यार' phase

- This is the phase when the bears take over. The investors tend to lose money and in the process, the non-serious investors are the first ones to take a flight out of the markets. Foreign Investors, only there in the country, to make a quick-buck follow the suit. Full-time investors use this time to take a stock of their investments and learn lessons for the future. One tends to only restrict their monies to the blue-chip or the set of companies with the strongest fundamentals in the market. They also tend to find other avenues such as gold, real-estate, commodities to park their money till they find the markets more conducive to further invest.

- Similarly, the wind sometimes just suddenly disappears during Uttarayan. In a few cases, the Meteorological Department already announces like Dr. Rajan that a crisis in the form of lack of wind is impending. The 'mentally-not-fully'-kite flyers' community are the first ones to make this an excuse and get back to their phones and tablets. Only the lightest, the most nimble and balanced kites, if one decides to fly, must be used in such cases. The real connoisseurs also tend to invest this opportunity to experiment, teach kids and the ones intending to learn the art of kite-flying by using the time to show them the related practical aspects of kite-flying sans the actual process. They also tend to find alternate means to invest their time by joining their family members in playing cards and in case, if there are enough takers, cricket on the terrace.

'इतनी तो हवा है, और कितनी चाहिए?' phase

- This is the phase which exhibits the scenario of near perfect competition in the #StockMarkets. With balanced set of winds (good-news- positive economy numbers, economic performance, global headwinds etc.) flowing intermittently, one can afford to lose any chance especially towards the end of the day. There is a need for a certain amount of effort in the beginning but once the scrip crosses a certain threshold (meets a desired/expected objective), things take off. There are enough chances to gain arbitrage by making informed risk-taking decisions where the investor is confident about his/her investment decision.

- In a colony with equal sized flats counting in over a couple of dozens, nearly every terrace gives you an opportunity to fly and cut as many kites in the phase of balanced wind. One must not lose any opportunity to fly kites as during the end of the day as at this time, everyone is jostling for that one inch of space on the terrace to fly the kite. Hence, the rush during this period, makes the Darwin's theory come into the picture; the one who is the most adaptable to change- keeps his kites fly-ready, picks the most suitable side of the terrace to fly kites, ends up enjoying the most. There will be extra rush and hence, in the initial phase, one must not get frustrated and keep patience. Once you are out of the initial clutter, the results will follow. :)

And last but not the least,

Sentiment is an extremely important factor that determines how stock markets perform especially in a shorter run. For example, look at the stock market numbers during those 15-odd minutes when Congress took lead during the counting of Gujarat Election Results 2017. It all depends on which party is perceived by the markets to be more conducive for the nation at any given point of time and this perception is what drives the sentiment.

Similarly the sentiment during a particular Uttarayan is very important. During this year's Uttarayan (14th), there was a perception of lack of wind. More so, there were messages from several other areas that there is an absence of a proper amount of wind. Being on terrace for nearly a third of the first session (1 hour) and the entire second session, I can vouch that there was enough air to be considered for the third phase however the narrative being the opposite, many did not really venture out until it was the final hour of the evening.

As a community, we thrive on taking risks and in attempting great things. Nearly everything that can teach us, we try and derive lessons from the same. Then may it be traveling in the Third Class in Indian Railways or flying kites in the first class atmosphere of Gujarat during Uttarayan, we are a lot more than just a traders' community. 

Aavjo. :)

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

Director & CEO Ranish Human Capital Pvt Ltd I

Head Organization Development,Learning & Development 
Gujarat  & Bangaluru
 Chemical  & Pharma l Organisation 

 
Excellent Career Opportunity Opportunity in the area of Organization Development & Learning & Development

Responsibilities

Strategizing & Leading all People/Organisation Development Interventions
Selection, Executive Assessment, Coaching, individual Development Planning, Talent Review, Succession Planning & Executive Development Programs
Leading the Performance Management Process with a focus on Consistent implementation & Capability Building

Supporting the Development of high Potential Employees at Senior & mid-Career levels, ensuring an enhanced Pipeline of high Performing Professional Talent

Driving the Culture Building Exercise & Play a Critical Role in Strategizing Learning & Development interventions to Strengthen the People Capability.

Ensure functional Capability framework is implemented & Proper Tracking is done to Map ROI for the Functions

Collaborate with the leadership Team on the formulation of key Strategies by anticipating TM issues & Solutions as Appropriate

Qualification & Experience

Well Qualified PGDM -HR from a Premier Institute
About 15-18 years of Exp. with Strong Exposure & In Depth Experience of Organization Development Practices.
Certifications in Talent Management /OD will be an Added Advantage

Sills & Expertise

Strong leadership Management Skills, i.e., Comfortable with leading Teams under Uncertainty, Ambiguity & Constant Change.

Excellent Interpersonal Skills : Able to Affectively & Quickly Build Relationships & Establish Trust, Respect, Competence & Confidence

 Good Experience in Manufacturing Preferably in Chemical /Pharmaceutical Organisation

Interested Professionals may Share their Details at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

MLE℠ - Member Leaders Excellence at Harvard Square

Great opportunity

Leadership position in HR at SUZUKI MOTOR GUJARAT PRIVATE LIMITED

To view or add a comment, sign in

Accelerate Bold Strategies that Drives Sustainable Growth.
 
In Order to Meet Business Challenges & to Build Capabilities in a Global Environment ,We have Designed/ Developed Effective Strategy to help Our Clients meet these Challenges

The Transformational Landscape leverage on Change & Build Leadership Capabilities to enable Sustained Performance with a Focus towards Creating Futuristic Organisations
The Broad Areas includes :
 
Organisation Design & Restructuring
Job Evaluation ,Role Analysis & Job Description
Defining Organisation Hierarchy , Creating Job Bands
Classification /Rationalisation of Designations /Levels / Span of Control 
Design & Development of HR Policies , Systems & Processes
Design & Dev .of Performance Management System
Compensation Design ,Variable Pay / Rewards Programs
Design & Development of Competency Framework
Assessment Centre & Individual Development Plan
Performance Coaching for leadership Development
Organisation Diagnostic Study, Culture & Engagement Audit
Leadership Strategy- Talent & Succession Management
Engagement Strategy - Building a Stronger Work Place
Building HR Strategy in Alignment with Business Strategy
HR Analytics/Performance Dashboard, HR Matrices

We Would work with the HR Team & ensure the implementation of the Above interventions effectively to Foster Positive Change in the Organisation besides helping HR Professionals to Develop their Capability & Domain Knowledge

Organisation Seeking above Strategic Interventions may Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in

Head -R&D -Agrochemicals
 
Responsibilities:
 Lead & Motivate Team of Senior Scientists with Multiple labs incl Analytical lab.
 To lead literature Search & Identify Suitable Route/Process for Product Development in the fields of Agrochemicals ,Polymers & Pigments
 Monitoring Development Activity with respect to Cost, Resource Deployment, Time over-runs & Quality Compliance.
 Giving Support for Registration of New Products with Statutory Authorities.
 Knowledge of Techno Commercial, legal, Regulatory & environmental requirements for smoother implementation of projects.
Take Challenges of trouble Shooting & Improving Efficiencies of current practice/products.
 To Conduct Pilot Scale Trials with the help of Chemists/Production & Subsequently Provide Support during Commissioning to ensure Smooth Technology Transfer.
Generating various MIS and keeping Management updated.
 Co-ordinate and liaise with Heads of various Departments including Production, Design ,Project, Quality Assurance, Commercial, in Pursuance of Company’s functions & Policies.
 Define R&D Programs & Set Priorities according to Organizations Strategic Goals.
Ensure Safety in R&D.

Desired Candidate Profile
Incumbent should be PhD in Organic Chemistry with 20-25 plus years of Experience in a Reputed R&D Center in Similar industry. Incumbent Should Possess good leadership/Managerial capabilities to lead a Team of Senior Scientist.
Should be Innovative & have flair for Process Development leading to Pilot & Commercial Plants.

Interested Professionals May Share their CV at manoj@ranish.co.in,sunil @ranish.co.in

Vice President -Corporate Communication & Marketing -
Large Chemical Organisation 

Responsibilities
 
Create Strategic Communication Plans & handle Both External & internal Communication for all Business Division of the Company.
Digital Marketing- Create Engaging Digital Media Strategies & Plans that Can enhance Brand Awareness; Drive More Traffic to Company Websites & help in Building Organic follower base.
Manage SEO, SMM, ORM and enhance Brand Visibility.
Handle External Agencies for Digital Marketing, PR and SEO & Hyper Local SEO, Do their Performance Reviews & Drive Maximum results for Brand Building.
Organizing Events & evaluating event Opportunities & Other Customer engagement Activities to Drive More Business.
Creating & Managing all Marketing/Promotional Collaterals along with Company Websites.
Lead a Team of Communication Professionals and help the Company to Create effective Communication Plans.
Developing & Managing Content for all Communication Channels/Platforms.
Handling Branding or Marketing Requirements of all Branches/Associates & Overseas locations as well.
Handling Corporate tie-ups for the Brand.
Vendor Management.

 
COMMUNICATION

Promote Company Brand locally & ensure its visibility within the Territory.
Monitor Presence in Social Media & increase viewership/ follower base.
Represent Company on various forums, events, industry or Community Groups.
Manage Relationships with  Media to Generate Greater Coverage for the Company.
Respond to Queries, Expert Advice Sought from Media Agencies.

well Qualified Professionals with about 15-20 years of experience in Any Manufacturing Organisation Preferably Chemicals 

Female Candidates may be given Preference

Interested Professionals May Share their Profiles at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in, manoj@ranish.co.in

Chief Financial Officer -North India

This Position Would Play a Critical Role to Steer Business Growth ,Drive Top line Growth, Improve Margins & Cash flow.

Responsibility Includes Budget forecast, Review of Financial Performance & Profitability of the Organisation .

Would also be be Responsible for Management Reporting on Projection & Variance in Revenue, Operating Cost & Income, Financial Reports & Analysis, Receivables & Payments

Managing Insurance Portfolio for All Assets & Banking Operations, All indirect /Indirect Taxes, filing, Statutory Audits & Compliance.

Key Responsibilities

Review of Performance vs Budget; Earning ,Variance Analysis,
Forward Forecasting & Predictive Analytics

Cash Flow Statement, P&L, Balance Sheet & Statutory financial reports
Provisioning, Closing & reporting for receivables & Payables
Budgeting & Strategy Plans,Financial Planning & Analysis
Costing & Performance Management
Banking Operations .
Compliance for a Listed Entity
Cost Optimisation, Commercial & Taxation
Revenue Accounting , Consolidation of Accounts & Expenses

The Candidate Should be a Qualified CA with about 25 years of Experience of Managing Financial function of Any Listed Organisation with Over Rs 500 Crores Turnover Preferably in Pharmaceutical /Chemicals Organisations


Professional May Share their CV at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in .manoj@ranish.co.in

Chief Executive Officer (CEO )-Speciality Film- Nigeria

 Key Responsibilities

Manage Overall P&L , Growth, & EBITDA as Per Agreed Targets 
Design, Develop & Implement Overall Business Strategy & Plans.
Lead the Organisation Growth Plans & Achieve Targeted Top / Bottom lines through Effective Business Strategies.
Effectively Coordinating & Managing all Functions-Manufacturing Supply Chain, HR, Quality ,Regulatory Affairs & R&D
Lead the Development of organisation long & Short-Term Strategies
Creates an Environment & Culture that Focuses on Meeting the Company’s Mission, Vision & Values
Develop Business Prospects by Studying Economic Trends & Revenue Opportunities; Projecting Acquisition & Expansion
Prospects; Analysing Organization Operations;
Build a Stronger Work Place ,Engage Employees & Work Closely with the Management Team to Develop & Retain Quality Talent.
Oversees Financial Performance & Risk Profile while ensuring all Statutory & Regulatory Compliances.
Monitor Company Performance by Measuring & Analysing Results, Initiating Corrective Actions & Minimising the Impact of Variances.
Increases Revenues / Income & Manage Operating Cost in Manufacturing, Supply Chain & Other Functions 


Skills & Expertise:
Financial Planning ,Strategy, Forecasting, Marketing & Business Development
Risk Management, Compliance & Regulatory Requirements
Budgeting, Balance Sheets, Income Statements, Cash flow & Capital Planning Management Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
A Technical & Financial Savvy leader with the Ability to Set Clear Priorities, Delegate & Guide Investment in People & Systems.

Qualification & Exp
A Chemical / Mechanical Engr With MBAs / PGDM,
Exp Around 25 Years
Exceptional leadership Qualities .Must be Currently at  SBU-Head of a Large Flexi Packaging Film  Organisation.
Should have experience in Nigeria/African Countries 
 

Professional Many Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

AVP/Vice President - Manufacturing HR at Corporate , Mumbai 

Responsibilities

Looking for a Mature , Capable & an Exceptional Leader to Lead & Manage the Human Resources of Multiple  Manufacturing Sites

The Incumbent Would be Responsible To Drive Strategic HR Agenda at the Manufacturing Set Up & effectively Manage Stakeholders Expectations .
Work Closely With the Leadership in Designing & Implementing Change with a Focus on Leading all HR Initiatives
Manage the Complete Employee life Cycle( Hire to Retire )
Collaborate with the leadership team to Design & Deliver HR Products
Responsible for Talent Management & Strategic HR,
Manage All New hire On-boarding, Training ,Employee Development HR Operations & Industrial Relations
Drive Performance Management , Employee Engagement, Design & Develop Policies & Introduce Best HR Practices
Work on Important Projects with Key leadership , Develop & Implement HR Strategy Aligned to Business Strategy
Management of Internal & External Environment 
 
Qualification & Experience 

 MBA /PGDM from a Good institute with About 15-20 years of Experience With a Large Chemical/Pharmaceutical Organisation  in a Leadership Role in HR.
The Position would Report to CHRO
An Out of Box Thinker , Able to See Big Picture & Create Impact on the Overall Performance of the Business
 
Interested Professionals May Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in, manoj@ranish.co.in

 Vice President  -Corporate Communication & Marketing -Mumbai

Responsibilities
 
Create Strategic Communication Plans & handle both external & internal communication for all business Division /verticals of the Company.
Digital Marketing- Create Engaging Digital Media Strategies & Plans that Can enhance Brand Awareness; Drive More Traffic to Company Websites & help in Building Organic follower base.
Manage SEO, SMM, ORM and enhance brand visibility.
Handle External Agencies for Digital Marketing, PR and SEO & Hyper Local SEO, Do their Performance Reviews and Drive Maximum results for Brand Building.
Organizing Events & evaluating event Opportunities & Other Customer engagement Activities to Drive More Business.
Creating & Managing all Marketing/Promotional Collaterals along with Company Websites.
Lead a Team of Communication Professionals and help the Company to Create effective Communication Plans.
Developing & Managing Content for all communication channels/platforms.
Handling Branding or Marketing requirements of all Branches/Associates & overseas locations as well.
Handling Corporate tie-ups for the Brand.
Vendor Management.
Crisis Management.
 
COMMUNICATION

Promotion & Brand Management
Promote Company brand locally & ensure its visibility within the territory.
Monitor Presence in Social Media & increase viewership/ follower base.
Represent Company on various forums, events, industry gatherings or Community groups.
Manage Relationships with local Media to Generate Greater Coverage for the Company.
Respond to Queries, Expert Advice Sought from Media Agencies.
Respond to Queries received through Social Media.

Female Candidates may be given Preference

Interested Professionals May Share their Cv at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in, manoj@ranish.co.in

Chief executive Officer (CEO )-Pharmaceutical - API

 Key Responsibilities

Manage Overall P&L , Growth, & EBITDA as Per Agreed Targets 
Design, Develop & Implement Overall Business Strategy & Plans.
Drive Manufacturing Excellence, Productivity & Performance , Cost Optimisation
Lead the Organisation Growth Plans & Achieve Targeted Top / Bottom lines through Effective Business Strategies.
Effectively Coordinating & Managing all Functions-Manufacturing Supply Chain, HR, Quality ,Regulatory Affairs & R&D
Lead the Development of organisation long & Short-Term Strategies
Creates an Environment & Culture that Focuses on Meeting the Company’s Mission, Vision & Values
Develop Business Prospects by Studying Economic Trends & Revenue Opportunities; Projecting Acquisition & Expansion
Prospects; Analysing Organization Operations; 
Build a Stronger Work Place ,Engage Employees & Work Closely with the Management Team to Develop & Retain Quality Talent.
Oversees Financial Performance & Risk Profile while ensuring all Statutory & Regulatory Compliances.
Monitor Company Performance by Measuring & Analysing Results, Initiating Corrective Actions & Minimising the Impact of Variances.
Increases Revenues / Income & Manage Operating Cost in Manufacturing, Supply Chain & Other Functions 


 Skills & Expertise:
Financial Planning & Strategy, Forecasting, Marketing & Business Development
Risk Management, Compliance & Regulatory Requirements
Budgeting, Balance Sheets, Income Statements, Cash flow & Capital Planning Management Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
A Technical & Financial Savvy leader with the Ability to Set Clear Priorities, Delegate & Guide Investment in People & Systems.

Qualification & Exp
A Chemical / Mechanical Engr With MBAs / PGDM,
Exp around 25 Years 
Exceptional leadership Qualities with International Exposure.
Must be currently at CEO or SBU-Head of a Large API Organisation.
A Dynamic & Inspiring Leader 

Professional Many Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

Head – R&D -Specialty Plant Nutrition
 
To Streamline Processes / Systems for Developing Differentiated Products & Train Research team to Work on Different New Age Technologies.

Develop in-house Differentiated Products in Water Soluble, Slow & Controlled Release, Bio Stimulants & Nano Fertilizers Space.
To Understand Market Gaps, farmer Needs & Trends in National & International Specialty Plant Nutrition Space & Aligning the R&D to realize the Opportunity
 Collaborate with Alliance Partners/ Understanding Technologies/ Products & help Marketing/ Sales Teams to Build the Volumes
To Develop good R&D facilities/ labs at Various Manufacturing locations 
Key Accountabilities 
Define Short & long-Term R&D Research Areas & Develop a Product Roll out Plan.
Develop R&D Strategic Plan & Drive innovation.
Understanding/evaluating Global Strategic Alliances’ Products & Technologies.
Market Intelligence /Understanding Changing Market Needs / Develop Sustainable Agriculture Practices & Aligning New Products 

Strategize & lead the Speciality Nutrition R&D & with New & Differentiated Product
  R&D in Specialty Nutrition Space   
Identification of New Research Areas / in-house Development of Technology
Planning & Review of Product Trials with Evaluation Team
Identify Horizontal/vertical Research Areas in Water Soluble, Biofertilizers, Bio Stimulants, Nano Fertilisers & Slow & Controlled Release Fertilisers space.
Understanding FCO/ Bio Stimulants / Nano Fertilisers & Other Policies to ensure that all New Products Strictly Adhere to the Norms
Responsible for Accreditation of R&D facilities from Highest Government Authorities.
Bringing New Technologies to Speed up Product Evaluation
Tie up with National & International Research institutes/ Universities for New Technologies/ Technical Transfers for entering into New Research Areas & Developing Upcoming Products
 
Qualification & Experience
Well Qualified PhDs/ Doctorate Professionals with Experience of About 25 years in Any Speciality Nutrition R&D Required

Interested Professionals May Share their CVs at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

Ranish Human Capital P Ltd

Engagement of Experts In Organisation Development/Transformation , Talent Management & Strategic HR With Ranish Human Capital

We Wish to Strengthen Our Organisation Transformation Division & therefore Wish to Empannel Freelance Professionals /Management Consulting Organisations in the following Areas to Drive Corporate Agenda of Our Client Organisation on Pan India Basis

Area Of Expertise

Organisation Diagnosis , Organisation Design & Restructuring ,
Design & Development Of Job Descriptions
Design Develop Competency Framework ,
Assessment Centre ,Competency Assessment
Benchmark , Design & Develop HR Polices & Systems
Design & Develop Performance Management Systems
Compensation Design , Rewards Programmes , Variable Pay
Employee Engagement -Building a Stronger Work Place
Talent & Succession Management
Leadership Coaching -ICF Certified Coach
Trainers -Behavioral & Functional & Technical Training

Professional Should Be well Qualified 
Strong Conceptual knowledge with   3-5 years Experience of Working in Any Consulting /Manufacturing Organisations .

Current Requirements are in Mumbai , Gujarat & NCR

May Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in

31,756 followers

VerzX is a global provider of consulting services to the public and commercial markets, we bring world’s top industry experts and businesses together to bring disruptive transformation. We connect experts and the client together via phone consultations, research projects, and surveys. Our network is continuously growing, and we recruit hundreds of new experts every month. We provide the best solutions by providing the best insight from top-caliber industry experts to research and consulting firms with coverage in the North America, Europe, Africa and Asia.

Email us at support@verzx.com

Information Services

Boston, MA

Renewable Energy Semiconductor Manufacturing

Ahmadabad, Gujarat

Outsourcing and Offshoring Consulting

Ahmedabad, Gujarat

Human Resources Services

London, England

I love playing professional matchmaker. It's my favorite part of business.

I'm sure if I were born 100 years ago in my family's native home of Gujarat, India, I would be the annoying uncle always trying to set people up in relationships.

But my modern, software company version of that urge manifests in helping link career seekers to their next opportunities. And I've hit a goldmine of opportunities in the customer success profession.

As I've tweeted many times, the customer success leadership job market is white hot.

Every week, several CEOs reach out to us at Gainsight asking for advice, intros, and background checks on hiring a leader. We've spent the last six or seven years growing the world's largest network of customer success leaders, and I absolutely love using it to help professionals and companies connect.

Although I'm not a recruiter by profession, I've been able to learn a lot about customer success more broadly by facilitating some of these connections. And several of my colleagues have done the same. We've also enjoyed comparing notes with the pros in this topic—execs like Alexis Hennessy and Kelly Kay at Heidrick & Struggles, Rich Decembrele at Kindred Partners and Mike Doonan at SPMB.

We've learned five key things about hiring customer success leaders:

"Customer success" is such a buzzword that, shockingly, many LinkedIn titles have changed to it very recently. That means you need to cut through the noise and get specific about what you're looking for. Some key questions to consider:

We put together a list of top questions I get from CEOs here. Spoiler alert: they're mostly about finding and empowering great leaders!

CS is a conundrum. On one hand, the teams get big quickly, so leadership scale matters. On the other hand, the field is so new and evolving that leaders need to be able to innovate quickly.

We've found that the candidates that resonate the most with hirers have a mix of large company (e.g., Salesforce.com) and young startup experience.

I wrote in detail on who the next generation of CS leadership will be in this blog.

Click here to read the rest of the article.

LinkedIn User

Harshad Mehta was born on 29 July, 1954 at Rajkot, Gujarat. A cricket enthusiast, Mehta did not show any special promise in school and came to Bombay after his schooling for studies and to find work. Mehta completed his B.Com in 1976 from Lajpatrai college Bombay and worked a number of odd jobs for the next eight year.

He worked at companies like New India Assurance, P Ambalal, PD Shukla, JL Shah, and Nandala Seth.

In 1984, he along with his brother started his own company named “Grow More Research and Asset Management”.

He did lobbying of shares.

To understand it better let’s say he started creating artificial demand of share in the market. Manipulating the stock to increase the prices tremendously.

This is done by using tipping strategy in the market.

Let’s understand better with an example.

Harshad Mehta circulated a message with help of different agencies that stock XYZ is a buy at the price of Rs. 1000 and the target price is Rs. 2200.

We would normally ignore such messages knowing that it is fake. But the Mehta used to invest huge funds into this XYZ Company and try creating a artificial demand of this particular stock.

As per normal economics when demand increases and supply remains constant, automatically the prices start increasing. The prices start increasing from Rs. 1000 to Rs. 1500, 1700.

Now it is obvious we will try to get into this stock seeing the increase in the price.

People would invest at a level where Mehta is about to withdraw the funds by selling the shares.

Let’s say he withdrew at a rate of Rs. 2000, people would invest now thinking it will reach 2200. As Mehta sells a large number of shares directly impacting the prices and the price falls tremendously.

This way he earned a huge amount of money.

From the example itself it is clear he made investment at Rs.1000 and sold that at Rs. 2000, simply making it 2 times of the investment.

He invested in different companies and to name some – Apollo tyres, Reliance, Tata Iron and Steel, BPL, Videocon, ACC.

When he invested in ACC the share price went from Rs. 200 to Rs. 9000

If we simply calculate it is 4500% return. Just imagine the amount of money he made doing this.

He created a trustworthy image in the market and was also known as Amitabh Bachchan of stock market.

He was one of the biggest Indian Tax Payer.

The instruments that he used to execute all this were:

1)  Ready Forward Deal (RFD)

2)  Bank Receipts (BR)

Let’s first understand these terms:

RFD – It is a secured short term loan which is given from one bank to another.

BR – It refers to a receipt issued by the lending bank to the borrowing bank on receiving the securities and lending money in exchange of that.

Harshad Mehta was the broker in between the different banks.

Bank B required funds so it decided to sell government securities to the broker.

Now the broker went to Bank A and received funds in his name and promising to get the securities.

He kept both the securities and the money with him too and presented a fake Bank Receipt to Bank B promising to pay.

Same way he approached Bank C and Bank D.

Issued fake bank receipts when needed. 

This way he kept on expanding the ready forward deal chain series.

The Bank Receipts confirms the sale of securities and states that the securities are held by the seller in trust of the buyer. It also acts as a receipt for the received funds by the selling bank.

The Bank of Karad (BOK) and Mumbai Mercantile Co-operative bank (MCB) had helped him issuing fake receipts for the same.

This kept on expanding and fake receipts were issued on a very large scale.

As he was one of the highest tax payer so he had manipulating power over BSE as well.

As per the RBI norms the lending bank should always issue the funds in the name of borrower bank but it didn’t happen. The funds were issued in the name of Harshad Mehta.

This kept on going until 23rd April, 1993 when a journalist Sucheta Dalal went into deep research about the same and exposed the Mehta scam. She did a background study about the tremendous increase in share price in the market and wrote a column in TOI.

Her article proved “Pen is mightier than sword”.

The financial scandal valued around Rs. 5000 crore in total.

Key weaknesses of the case:

1)  The loopholes in the banking system.

2)  BSE transaction system.

3)  SEBI introduced new rules to cover the loopholes in the existing ones.

On 31st Dec 2001, Harshad Mehta died while being into the custody.

Here is a list of 28 mind-blowing movies for stock market enthusiasts to watch

1. Trading Places (1983) -- Stock Trading Movie

2. Billion Dollar Day (1985) - Documentary

3. Wall Street (1987) -- Stock Market Fiction

4. Glengarry Glen Ross (1992) -- Finance Fiction

5. Barbarians at the Gate (1993) -- True Story

6. Rogue Trader (1999) – Stock Trading Movie -- True Story

7. Boiler Room (2000) – Stock Market Fiction

8. The Corporation (2003) -- Finance Documentary

9. Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room (2005)

10. Baazaar (2018) - Fiction (Hindi)

11. Wall Street Warriors (2006) -- Wall Street Documentary

12. The Ascent of Money (2008) -- Finance Documentary

13. Million Dollar Traders (2009)

14. Capitalism: A Love Story (2009) -- Finance Documentary

15. Floored (2009) -- Stock Trading Documentary

16. Freakonomics (2010) -- Finance Documentary

17. Chasing Madoff (2010) Stock Market Scam, True Story

18. Margin Call (2011) – Stock Trading Fiction

19. Inside Job (2011) – Financial Crisis 2008, Finance Movie

20. Too Big to Fail (2011) – Documentary, Finance Movie

21.Wall Street – Money Never Sleeps (2011) -- Stock Market Fiction

22. Arbitrage (2012) -- Finance Fiction

23. The Wolf of Wall Street (2013) – True Story -- Stock Market Movie ( BIT ADULT MOVIE)

24. The Big Short (2015) – Financial Crisis -- Stock Market Movie

25. Equity (2016) -- Financial Thriller

26. Money Monster (2016) - Stock Market Thriller

27. Banking On Bitcoin (2017) – Financial Markets Documentary

28. The China Hustle (2018) – Finance & Trade Documentary

Similar Article : “Bombay bull” or “Pied Piper of the Dalal street”, BPL, How Harshad Mehta did it again, Sterlite and Videocon: The Harshad link, Harshad Mehta: From Pied Piper of the markets to India's best-known scamster

Special thanks to Pooja Yadav in compiling this article. Hope you all liked reading it. Feedback will be appreciated. Thank You!

Articles & Case study on Value Investing : Jet Airways, VHL, Dhunseri Investments, NBI Finance, Ponni Sugars(Erode), Lupin, Crude Oil!

Case Study on Options : Techno - Derivatives, Effective Option Trading

Connect on my Facebook Page : Varun Aggarwal

Free Telegram Channel for updates : Link

YouTube : Channel

Twitter : Link

Your feedback is important, don't forget!

Amneal (NYSE: AMRX) is rapidly becoming one of the most dynamic, purpose-driven pharmaceutical companies delivering more affordable access to essential medicines. Our family delivers for yours through a robust U.S. generics business, a growing branded business and deepening portfolios in injectables, biosimilars and select international markets. We’ve bolstered our world-class scientific rigor, production capabilities and commercial infrastructure. And we invest substantially in our people through leadership development and employee well-being programs – all so we can deliver even more value.  We are Amneal and We make healthy possible.

Content is for informational purposes only and 3rd party content does not reflect Amneal’s opinions.

Amneal has the right to remove comments that violate another’s copyright or intellectual property, mention an Amneal product, use profanity or are defamatory, promote and solicit for third-party sites, initiatives, or products, or are factually inaccurate or misleading or spam.

Amneal recommends that you consult with your healthcare provider regarding personal health matters. To report a product complaint or adverse event related to an Amneal product, contact Drug Safety at 877-835-5472, option 3 or drugsafety@amneal.com. If you are currently experiencing a life-threatening event, please immediately contact 911.

Pharmaceutical Manufacturing

I spent twenty years of my life learning banking from Mr. Aditya Puri. I bear testimony to the fact that this man could make a donkey win a derby. I would like to share just 12 lessons from the vast amount I learnt from him. The man doesn’t suffer fools easily and if you have survived that long with him, you have learnt lessons in leadership, no business school could teach. Fun Fact: What you could not learn by paying top dollars, I learnt while getting paid for it!

1.      Clarity. You never went to his cabin in which he sat on a desk that had no computer and no papers, and came back without a clear direction. In mediocre minds lies a grey box in which thoughts, opinions, hopes and fear create a spaghetti bowl of confusion. This man had only two boxes. The action box and the dust bin. Through a complex presentation, he caught the essence you managed to lose in fancy slides. The man cuts through clutter and makes it look so obvious that you come out feeling foolish.

2.      Results. Through all details even as you began the man saw the end. “Where is my laddu?” You talked about a new product, a new process, new technology even as you laboured on the details, he has reached the end and is making you re-think even as you are presenting. Focus on the end, often he would pause me mid stream and say, "arre gujjubhai pachi su?" (in the end what will I get?)

3.      Controlled Aggression. Behind the Punjabi sales veneer lies a Gujarati mind on risk and a Marwadi mind on returns. The man can beat a dozen Jews at a breakfast table.

4. Impatient Patience. The man had an impatient streak in him. He demanded the best and as of yesterday and yet he had the patience to play the impatience game for twenty five years!

5.      Focus. Sir Don Bradman’s backlift started before the ball was delivered. The bottom of his bat was approximately level with the tops of the stumps at the instant of delivery. For twenty five years, Mr. Puri read each delivery even before the ball left the bowlers hand and had the perfect shot for it. Physically he left work at 5 pm every day, mentally he never left office for twenty five years.

6. Details. The man knew that the god of retail lives in the details. No matter how large the bank became, there was nothing happening within or not happening within that he wasn’t aware of. He delegated freely but had a hawk eye on everything that mattered. The man had bifocal vision. He had a telescope in one eye and a microscope in another.

7. On-ground. We feared his branch reviews. The man connected with branch managers and their teams and god help you if he found out a loss in transmission between what you thought you were implementing and on ground reality. And trust me, if there was a miss, he never missed. As the bank became larger he went deeper.

8.      Win. The man knew that every battle is first won in the mind. He would not lose any game he played and if his team couldn’t, he stepped in to lift the heavy load. This man could win the game with any team you gave him. Under this captain, each player raised his game beyond their own limitations.

9.      Groom. I was 26 years old. He told me to launch Retail Assets for the bank. So many others in the bank like me would testify, he gave you responsibilities far beyond your capabilities and then with his take no prisoners approach, this master raised your capabilities in his school of hard knocks. At 1064 degrees Celsius gold melts into liquid from where it can be forged into any shape of your choice. In this man’s oven you either emerged as a fine ornament or if you did not have the mettle you melted in the process. If you can't stand that heat get out of his oven.

10. Coconut. Don't judge it by the shell. The man genuinely cared for you. He is a tender coconut once you know him well. Feedback was instantaneous. It could appear to be harsh but it was never personal. If you did a stupid thing, he told you that it was a stupid thing!

11. Nobody needed to manage this boss. If you managed to deliver what was expected, the boss managed himself. If not, then he managed you till you delivered to expectations.

12.Karma Yogi. Krishna describes the attitude of a Karma Yogi in the second chapter of the Bhagwad Geeta and this man epitomises it. For him, his work was his reward. The effort was the joy. The results were simply something that followed. Amongst leaders of straw in Financial Services, the man taught you professional and personal integrity and the art of straight talk.

Learning banking from Mr Puri, was like learning archery from Dronacharya. I may not be Arjun, but this man could twirl a donkey's tail and light fire under it and soon often to its own surprise, it ran ahead of the thoroughbred stallions. Three years into entrepreneurship with SBFC Finance, I keep turning to him for advice, inspiration and mentoring and even today, my greatest reward continues to be that elusive "well done" from him.

Mr Puri, I shall always remain in gratitude with a debt I can only hope to pay it forward.

Post-use corrugated packaging material is commonly known as “cardboard", while it is typically referred to as OCC or Old Corrugated Cardboard/ Containers to industry insiders. Very often, recycling and waste haulers use the term OCC in reference to cardboard. Corrugated cardboard can easily be recognized by its multiple layer structure; the fluted or wavy middle layer between sheets of paper keeps corrugated board light and gives it the strength to carry products.

Cardboard is a very useful packaging material for easy transportation of many different types of products. If OCC is kept dry and clean, recycling is straightforward as long as all non-paper materials such as bubble wrap, wood skids, plastic bags, plastic wrapping and Styrofoam are removed.

Corrugated Cardboard Production and Recycling Statistics

On average, a corrugated box contains roughly 50 percent recycled fiber. Around 51 percent of OCC is used to make new corrugated board, will 11.5 percent is used for boxboard materials, such as cereal boxes. Around 32 percent of recycled OCC is exported.

The size and type of business can have a strong bearing on OCC generation. Studies suggest that this material can represent as much as 40 percent or more of solid waste in a retail establishment and 15 percent or more of solid waste generated in an office setting. A small convenience store is estimated to produce between 700-1000 lbs of OCC per month, while grocery supermarkets generate between 8-30 tons, and department stores 8-20 tons during that time span.

Benefits of OCC Recycling

There are a number of benefits to recycling OCC instead of discarding it. Recycling OCC reduces energy and water usage, while cutting the production of greenhouse gas and certain air pollutants like total reduced sulfur (TRS), volatile organic chemicals (VOCs), and hazardous air pollutants (HAP). The recycling cardboard also reduces demand for virgin timber. It takes approximately three tons of trees to manufacture just one ton of virgin cardboard. Recycling helps reduce waste tipping fees as well. The recycling of one ton of cardboard saves more than nine cubic yards of landfill space.

Methods of Handling OCC

Before being placed in the storage containers, however, corrugated boxes should be opened and flattened. As well, harmful contaminants must be removed. This ensures better space utilization as well as that the material is clean and ready for recycling. Ensure that the container is accessible to haulers for pickup.

To bale or not to bale is an important decision in OCC recycling.

For small businesses which generate a comparatively small amount of OCC, bundling OCC manually, storing the loose OCC in a suitable container and having it collected by a hauler is ideal. On the other hand, businesses which generate a large amount of OCC should use large storage containers and compact or bale it using an industrial baler for the efficient transportation of OCC to recycling centers. One emerging technology is the use of shredding in combination with compaction or baling to increase the density of material for transport.

Old Corrugated Cardboard Recycling Process

Recycling corrugated containers is straightforward. It involves diverting old cardboard from waste stream, the elimination of contaminants, and the flattening or compressing of material to promote ease of handling, storing, delivering the stock to a paper production mill or processor where it is processed into different paper products such as recycled paperboard, the center fluting of corrugated boxes, and as unbleached craft paperboard.

Selling OCC

Depending upon the amount of OCC generated, the selling relationship will vary. Large generators may deal directly with paper companies, while mid-level generators may deal with recycling companies, and very small generators may sell to smaller operators acting to aggregate material for sale. No matter how much OCC is generated, it is important to recycle.

The earliest human civilizations developed around waterbodies be it Egyptian or Indus valley civilizations. These settlements would have been difficult without water, which was essential for both agriculture and drinking. Rivers also served as a means of transportation between settlements, facilitating trade and the development of banking and other services.

Once humans mastered the art of transporting water the second phase of development happened around cities that are well connected through various modes of transportation. the next phase of development will happen around cities that are planned in terms of infrastructure and have a laid-out plan for business policies and incentives which will help businesses prosper and generate employment and is well connected to business centers.

A city that qualifies on all these parameters is GIFT City Gandhinagar, developed around seven kilometers from Gandhinagar, Gujarat's capital, on the banks of the Sabarmati River in an area of approximately 886 acres, what was once barren land along the river is now emerging as the country's first greenfield integrated city — a dream project Prime Minister Narendra Modi had envisioned as Gujarat's Chief Minister.

The GIFT City (Gujarat International Finance Tec-City) is India's first and only IFSC (International Financial Services Centre) where banks, stock exchanges, and financial services firms have set up their global operations. It is now operational with more than 200 entities.

GIFT City is all set to become ‘The Finance & Technology Gateway Of India For The World’ by offering world-class infrastructure to attract top talent in the country. The prime focus of GIFT City is- to target 8-10% of financial services potential in India and create 1 million direct & indirect jobs. At GIFT City, the entire development is divided into four zones Commercial Zone, Residential Zone, and Institutional Zone. All this qualifies GIFT city as one of the best investment destination in Gujarat.

Why should you invest in Real estate in GIFT City, Gandhinagar?

If you're looking for investing in real estate in Gujarat you should definitely consider investing in residential property in GIFT City. Here are some of the reasons why:

Reason To Invest In GIFT City #1 : One of the largest and most comprehensive integrated business developments in India. GIFT City is a mix of residential, business, recreation, lifestyle, and special economic zones, all of which are easily accessible from the airport, metro rail, and highway.

Reason To Invest In GIFT City #2 : An Environment-Friendly Innovation Center. GIFT City was built with a long-term expansion strategy in mind, and it was designed to be environmentally friendly by incorporating the most up-to-date practices in energy efficiency, water conservation, and waste management.

Reason To Invest In GIFT City #3 : Accessibility for everyone. Anyone and everyone will be allowed to stay, explore, and enjoy GIFT City's various facilities. Initially, only GIFT City employees were allowed to invest in residential apartments, but the government later decided to open it up to everyone. At GIFT City, you can now purchase a home or commercial property.

Reason To Invest In GIFT City #4 : An 880-acre master plan that includes everything. GIFT City has it all, from technology and finance to designed leisure areas, educational institutes, healthcare facilities, clubs, and retail spaces. At GIFT City, you'll find everything you need, could ask for, or hope for, all planned around you for your convenience. When everything you could want is right around the corner, life becomes more joyful.

If you are interested in investing in the tallest residential building of Gujarat, contact us today for more information on :

Reach out to us on : Call 8238135539 | Facebook  |  LinkedIn  |  WhatsApp |

Recommended Course for Real Estate Professionals

Real Estate Agent Training: Real Estate Leads for More Sales.

Attract More Real Estate Leads as a Real Estate Agent or for Sale by Owner!

What you'll learn?

Enroll Now! Click Here

About Us

SOS Realty is committed to making every real estate transaction a smooth and successful transition from a dream to reality. We value our customers and really hope that we can assist them in not just finding the property of their dreams, but also in utilizing real estate to expand their wealth. In today's world, it's common knowledge that finding the perfect kind of property in India is a time-consuming process. When it comes to purchasing a home, purchasers in this area search for fast guidance, suitable comparisons, deal closes, property tours, aid with various types of home loans, and other comparable services. This is a pretty well-cared-for aspect.

We Publish Ahmedabad Real Estate Review a weekly newsletter.

Do share with your friend and colleagues if you are getting value out of it subscribe to this Newsletter.

#realestate #ahmedabad #farmhouse #weekendhome #indianrealestate #gujarat #vadodara #home #luxurious #homes #luxury #luxurylifestyle #ahmedabadrealestate #Investment #NewsLetter #GIFTCity #Gandhinagar #Ahmedabad #TwinCity #InvestAtgiftcity

India

Ann Arbor, MI

Surat

Tamil Nadu, India

Bihar, India

Windsor, ON

Bengaluru

Delhi, India

New York, NY

Bhilwara

Noida

Kanpur

Baduria

Dhanbad

Guwahati

Lucknow

Thullur

