Gujarat Gas share price: Sharekhan increase price target to Rs 630 #GujaratGas #Markets #StockMarkets

#Buzzing | Gujarat Gas shares jump 7% after strong #Q2FY21 earnings
#TrendingStocks #StockMarket #Stocks

Share Market: ઉતાર-ચઢાવના અંતે SENSEX 86 અને NIFTY 7 અંક ગગડીને બંધ થયા
#Sharemarket | #Sensex | #Nifty | #Business

Gujarat Gas stock price falls 3% post Q1 earnings

STOCK MARKET: કોરોના વેક્સિનને મંજૂરીના અહેવાલોથી શેરબજારમાં વધુ તેજી
#stockmarket #coronavaccine #sharebajar #sharenews #tv9news
https://tv9gujarati.com/…/stock-market-after-getting-the-gr…

Gujarat pipavav
Cmp... 75
Buy between 70&72
Target 84

#MarketsWithMC | Stock market experts suggest top stocks for likely good returns.
#Stocks #StockMarket #StocksToWatch

Abhay Doshi, a Gujarat-based dealer of unlisted shares, believes the primary market has been on a roller-coaster ride of late. He said companies would reap the benefits of ecstatic primary and sound secondary market performances.
http://ifttt.com/images/no_image_card.png
Economic Times

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Cowasji Jehanghir Readymoney was unhappy. Bank of Bombay, of which he was director, was increasingly gravitating towards laxity. It wanted to lend against the shares of other banks, a decision he vehemently opposed.

It was 1863. The Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 in the Indo-Gangetic plains had been put down brutally. The control of India had passed from the East India Company to the British crown. Parsi and Gujarati brokers had been trading in shares for eight years at different locations in Bombay (the Bombay Stock Exchange would be born 12 years later), and a roaring bull market was underway.

Share prices of companies that didn't exist till a few years ago were rising astronomically. The Back Bay Reclamation share, with face value of Rs 5,000, traded at Rs 50,000. Bank of Bombay's Rs 500 share touched Rs 2,850.

The source of all the speculation lay in events taking place in distant United States where Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president, and his campaign against slavery had triggered a civil war.

The conflict choked the traditional source of cotton for the British. The cloth mills of Birmingham and other places soon turned to India, buying up all they could and more. The average exports prior to the war were 528,000 bales - they expanded to over 1.2 million bales by 1865.

This was a period of unprecedented prosperity for those engaged in the cotton trade. Cotton was called "white gold"and its demand grew so large that traders grabbed anything they could lay their hands on, even tearing apart mattresses and pillows so that they could sell the stuffing.

New beds, they say, began to be made of coir fibre - cotton had become far too valuable to sleep on.

The money they made from selling cotton to the English was deployed in the share market. The rise in the market was also fuelled by investors who managed to get loans from banks to invest in shares. The investors were certain that the shares would continue to rise as the cotton boom rolled on, and banks were certain that the money loaned at high interest rates would be safe. Both, say historians, were right; but only for a time.

Readymoney feared it would all come to grief one day.

"Such practice will induce greatly more gaming in shares. I would wait and never have this sort of dangerous business for the present," he registered his protest. "We are only following the example set by Bank of Bengal, but we must not follow them. Their gross mismanagement of this kind brought Union Bank of Calcutta to total ruin, whose board was composed of highly, more than highly, respectable gentleman; two baronets, one gone to jail, another run away to England, and other three ruined for life."

Union Bank of Calcutta included amongst its original shareholders Dwarkanath Tagore, the grandfather of Nobel laureate Rabindranath Tagore. The bank collapsed shortly after Dwarkanath Tagore passed away. The Tagore family, and indeed the whole of Calcutta, faced financial difficulties for some time afterwards.

Readymoney felt the same story would play out in Bombay. But he was dogged by ill health and advancing age. The breaking point finally came when Bank of Bombay increased its capital despite his express opposition. He resigned.

The institution was the poorer without Readymoney. In the absence of his calming influence, Bank of Bombay became one of the key sources for capital for the speculation mania as it reached some kind of frenzy.

"…ordinary clerks, officers, pleaders, adventurists, editors, and even sweepers had started dreaming about minting money. At the junction of the Meadows Street and Rampart Row…hordes of brokers and speculators would gather that would lead to terrible traffic jam. Share mania had turned Mumbai mad," says historian Amrit Gangar, author of 24 x 7 = Mumbai (Arunodaya Prakashan, Ahmedabad, 2011)

The man who replaced Readymoney at the position of influence in Bank of Bombay was Premchand Roychand, a financial whiz kid and beloved of the masses. Crowds would gather from early morning at his Byculla bungalow. Young and old, rich and poor, they all came to him, attracted like moths to a flame. Everybody wanted to meet the man with the golden touch, and maybe lay his hands on a share or two.

Roychand came from a modest background but had done well for himself. He liked to donate to charities generously - like Readymoney.

Readymoney had gifted the city a convocation hall, an ophthalmic hospital, an art gallery and 40 drinking water fountains. His surname is said to have come from his ready disposition to distribute his money. Roychand gave to the university, and helped build Rajabai Tower, the tallest structure in Bombay at that time.

Roychand also possessed prodigious financial talent and a decidedly speculative streak. Every new company looked to get him on board as a promoter or took his advice about who should be given the shares that were just waiting to soar in value.

Not even the government was immune.

On November 16, 1864, Bartle Frere, the governor of Bombay, issued a circular in which he cautioned civil servants from involving themselves in shares during "the present period of excitement". He had noticed that a significant number of government employees had been investing in the market.

But the circular seemed to have had little effect.

Most had made more money in the stock market than they would in all their years of service - giving it all up didn't make sense. In one of the earliest instances of conflict of interest, some were even found to have bought stakes in companies they dealt with in official capacity.

The boom saw hectic corporate activity. In December 1864, there were 31 banks, 16 financial associations, 8 land companies, 16 press companies, 10 shipping companies, 20 insurance companies as against a total of 10 in 1855. In 1855, there were no joint stock companies at all. By 1862, there were 62.

The newspapers were full of advertisements for new share issues and other stock market business such as annual general meetings for shareholders.

But some sections also sounded a warning. "We must rebuke the wild rage going on…This must end in a fearful smash, and we warn the Bombay public to beware!," said one of the saner voices.

What contributed to the bull-run were "time bargains", essentially forward contracts, which made it easier for people to bet on the rising share prices. Though conflicting reports exist, there do seem to have been some attempts to defuse the situation.

Governor Frere attempted to pass what was called the Wager's Bill that would have clamped down on these time bargains. The move was stoutly opposed by merchants. Jivraj Balloo, the most important cotton trader of the time, signed a petition against the Bill. So did Roychand. Also opposed to the Bill were over 250 British firms that felt that its provisions interfered with free trade.

Frere prevailed nonetheless and managed to get the Bombay Legislative Council to pass the Bill. It was sent to John Lawrence, the Viceroy and governor general, for assent in November 1864. Unbelievably, the Bill was lost in transit between Shimla and Calcutta before it could be signed into law.

By the time Lord Lawrence could sign it and bring it into operation, it was too late. The stock market bubble had burst two months ago.

The Back Bay Reclamation shares fell from Rs 50,000 to under Rs 2,000 - a fall of over 96 per cent. Bank of Bombay's shares which sold at Rs 2,850 were down to Rs 87.

The meltdown happened because the American Civil war ended in May 1865, which caused cotton prices to fall in anticipation of resumption of supplies from the United States. Exports collapsed and would take another quarter century to reach the same level as 1865.

The effect on the city's elite was utter ruin. Imagine if the Tatas, Birlas and Ambanis all went bust at once today. For the Bombay of the time, this actually happened.

The premier business houses of that time, the so-called merchant princes of Bombay, saw their wealth evaporate before their very eyes. Behramji Hormusji Cama went under after failing to come up with Rs 3.3 crore. Other failures include Rustomji Jamsetji Jejeebhoy and Kharshedji Furdunji Parekh. These were premier business families of the city, the names of many still survive through the educational institutions and hospitals they funded.

The disaster didn't drain the city just economically - its population declined by 21 per cent in the years following the crash. There were estimated to be 816,000 people in Bombay in 1864 - the census of 1872 put the population at 644,000.

This was said to be on account of the "migration from Bombay of the swarms of adventurers and labourers from all parts of India and from abroad who were attracted to the city by the speculative enterprises and the high prices of labour which marked the season of unexampled prosperity".

"The stock market crash of 1865… was the first major event of this kind in the history of this country. Most of the measures to prevent such occurances were yet to be introduced in the prevailing company law," says historian Dwijendra Tripathi who authored The Oxford History of Indian Business.

The first rudimentary regulation governing securities market would only be introduced in 1925, a full 60 years after the stock market's first great crash.

Key sources1. A Financial Chapter In The History Of Bombay City: Wacha, DE2. Explorations in Modern Bengal, C. 1800-1900: Essays on Religion, History, and Culture: Amiya P. Sen3. The Emergence of an Industrial Labor Force in India: A Study of the Bombay Cotton Mills, 1854-1947: Morris David Morris4. The Shaping of Modern Gujarat: Plurality, Hindutva, and Beyond: Acyuta Yâjñika, Suchitra Sheth5. Scientific Management of small investors protection in the millennium with reference to India; challenges and opportunities (1991-2011): Kirit Janyantilal Somaiya6. The Rise of Bombay: A Retrospect: Stephen Meredyth Edwardes7. Sir Bartle Frere and His Times: A Study of His Bombay Years, 1862-1867: Rekha Ranade8. The Oxford History of Indian Business: Dwijendra Tripathi9.www.thehindubusinessline.com/2004/04/27/stories/2004042700

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

Capital Markets

Mumbai, Maharastra

Financial Services

Mumbai, Maharashtra

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Gujaratis are considered to be an उत्सव-प्रिय (festival loving) community. Our calendar years begin with the celebration of #Uttarayan (#MakarSankranti), the festival of #kites. Members of my community are also considered to be the movers and shapers of stock markets in the country. I try and narrate a few lessons that I learnt regarding the stock markets from the festival of Uttarayan-

Sustained presence of wind is an extremely important component for the festival of Uttarayan to be enjoyed wholeheartedly. On a few festival days, the wind is in abundance while on other occasions, it is scarce beyond frustration. On an average out of the four sessions (morning-evening) on the 14-15th of every January, there is at least a presence of any two forms of wind phases- High, Medium & Low Wind. These differing phases typify the Bullish and Bearish trends in stock markets. Depending on these three phases, the following observations come to my mind-

'बहुत हवा है यार आज तो' phase

- Notwithstanding the fundamentals of a particular company's scrip, there is a certain sense of 'feel-good' in the market during a bullish phase. It tends to bringing the irregular investors (trying to make a quick buck) into the stock-markets too. One can go and check stock market numbers before the Reliance Power IPO in early 2008 to get a feel of the same. Nearly every kind of scrip has the ability to make money, operator-run scrips make hay while the sun shines and intra-day trading tend to reach an all-time high.

- This is the phase which exhibits abundance of wind thereby making kite-flying easier. One needs to only give a push (thumka) to the kite when it is placed in an apt direction and the wind does the rest of the work. This phase witnesses almost all the participants on the terrace coming into the picture. The selfie-generation youngsters, who were till now glued to their snapchat and Instagram accounts, sometimes suo-moto while sometimes on being coaxed by their parents, show some intent to pursue kite-flying too. All kind of kites, without proper knot tied (kinya) or one without proper knot-balancing (sun-sun) and in some cases, when some auteurs decide to fly even the partially torn kites, they all fly far and high.

'हवा कहाँ है यार' phase

- This is the phase when the bears take over. The investors tend to lose money and in the process, the non-serious investors are the first ones to take a flight out of the markets. Foreign Investors, only there in the country, to make a quick-buck follow the suit. Full-time investors use this time to take a stock of their investments and learn lessons for the future. One tends to only restrict their monies to the blue-chip or the set of companies with the strongest fundamentals in the market. They also tend to find other avenues such as gold, real-estate, commodities to park their money till they find the markets more conducive to further invest.

- Similarly, the wind sometimes just suddenly disappears during Uttarayan. In a few cases, the Meteorological Department already announces like Dr. Rajan that a crisis in the form of lack of wind is impending. The 'mentally-not-fully'-kite flyers' community are the first ones to make this an excuse and get back to their phones and tablets. Only the lightest, the most nimble and balanced kites, if one decides to fly, must be used in such cases. The real connoisseurs also tend to invest this opportunity to experiment, teach kids and the ones intending to learn the art of kite-flying by using the time to show them the related practical aspects of kite-flying sans the actual process. They also tend to find alternate means to invest their time by joining their family members in playing cards and in case, if there are enough takers, cricket on the terrace.

'इतनी तो हवा है, और कितनी चाहिए?' phase

- This is the phase which exhibits the scenario of near perfect competition in the #StockMarkets. With balanced set of winds (good-news- positive economy numbers, economic performance, global headwinds etc.) flowing intermittently, one can afford to lose any chance especially towards the end of the day. There is a need for a certain amount of effort in the beginning but once the scrip crosses a certain threshold (meets a desired/expected objective), things take off. There are enough chances to gain arbitrage by making informed risk-taking decisions where the investor is confident about his/her investment decision.

- In a colony with equal sized flats counting in over a couple of dozens, nearly every terrace gives you an opportunity to fly and cut as many kites in the phase of balanced wind. One must not lose any opportunity to fly kites as during the end of the day as at this time, everyone is jostling for that one inch of space on the terrace to fly the kite. Hence, the rush during this period, makes the Darwin's theory come into the picture; the one who is the most adaptable to change- keeps his kites fly-ready, picks the most suitable side of the terrace to fly kites, ends up enjoying the most. There will be extra rush and hence, in the initial phase, one must not get frustrated and keep patience. Once you are out of the initial clutter, the results will follow. :)

And last but not the least,

Sentiment is an extremely important factor that determines how stock markets perform especially in a shorter run. For example, look at the stock market numbers during those 15-odd minutes when Congress took lead during the counting of Gujarat Election Results 2017. It all depends on which party is perceived by the markets to be more conducive for the nation at any given point of time and this perception is what drives the sentiment.

Similarly the sentiment during a particular Uttarayan is very important. During this year's Uttarayan (14th), there was a perception of lack of wind. More so, there were messages from several other areas that there is an absence of a proper amount of wind. Being on terrace for nearly a third of the first session (1 hour) and the entire second session, I can vouch that there was enough air to be considered for the third phase however the narrative being the opposite, many did not really venture out until it was the final hour of the evening.

As a community, we thrive on taking risks and in attempting great things. Nearly everything that can teach us, we try and derive lessons from the same. Then may it be traveling in the Third Class in Indian Railways or flying kites in the first class atmosphere of Gujarat during Uttarayan, we are a lot more than just a traders' community. 

Aavjo. :)

Background

ABC company is a real estate multinational giant looking for investments in the state of Gujarat by the invitation of the Government of Gujarat. The aim of the study is to cluster different cities(districts) on the basis of various parameters to differentiate between the type of investments to be done. The parameters selected for this study are:

Data Requirements

The data needed are:

The data for districts is extracted from the web using web scraping, the location attributes are obtained using the python library Geopy and the venues at each district can be extracted by the use of foursquare API.

Data Cleaning

The unwanted rows and columns are dropped, the location attributes are added and the population growth percentage is calculated to make the final data set required.

The venues are extracted for each district and top ten venues are found out.

Methodology

The clustering is done based on the population growth and the urban development. This is on the assumption that more venues in a city, more developed it is. Now, the clustering is done on these basis:

Results

The results are combined into a matrix with categories as high, medium and low. A further sub clustering was done on the lower cluster of combined population growth and urban development result for further analysis.

Discussion

Limitations

Conclusion

The clusters obtained opens the possibilities of investments in the state of Gujarat. ABC company now has a better view of the state which should be deepened with further analysis. The Cluster A has cities which are fast growing. The competition and the cost of investment is going to be comparatively high but the returns can be handy considering the amount of migrations happening and the increase in jobs and comfort of living. These features should be added in a further study. Availability of water, the climatic conditions etc should also be considered in a further study. Cluster B is a soil for strategic investments seeing the growth potential Cluster B and Cluster C can yield better ROI in the long run seeing the comparatively lesser cost of investments. Finally the Cluster D should be considered for purchase of land which should be cheaper now and further developing them into residential parks in the long run.

Increasing growth of pharmaceutical industry and rising consumption of processed food are some of the major factors driving the growth of the Global Microcrystalline Cellulose Market.

Microcrystalline cellulose (MCC) is also known for refined wood pulp and it is used as a substitute for many products while producing food and also used in medicines. The common form of microcrystalline cellulose is used for vitamin supplements or tablets. 

Download Exclusive Free Sample Report Here:

https://brandessenceresearch.com/requestSample/PostId/1842

Microcrystalline Cellulose Market report covers prominent players like:

On July 7th, 2021; DFE Pharma, a provider of pharmaceutical excipient solutions, launched Pharmacel sMCC 90, silicified microcrystalline cellulose (MCC). Pharmacel sMCC 90 has been developed as the synergistic solution for challenging oral solid dosage formulations. Among several advancements in formulation science, co-processed excipients are gaining popularity as they offer effective means to rapidly develop products for early human trials, while minimizing the risk to product quality.

On January 13th, 2021; Asahi Kasei's Specialty Solutions SBU built a second plant for microcrystalline cellulose at its Mizushima Works in Kurashiki, Okayama, Japan. Asahi Kasei currently manufacturing Ceolus, microcrystalline cellulose used primarily in pharmaceuticals as tablet binder, in Nobeoka, Miyazaki, Japan. Besides the standard-type product PH series, Ceolus has a lineup of KG series that greatly enhances the compatibility of tablets and the UF series that combines compatibility and flowability. These products provide solutions to a wide range of issues in the production of tablets for pharmaceuticals and supplements.

North America

Europe

Asia-Pacific

Latin America

Middle East and Africa

Thanks for reading this article; you can also get individual chapter wise section or region wise report version like North America, Europe or Asia.

About Us:

Brandessence market research publishes market research reports & business insights produced by highly qualified and experienced industry analysts. Brand Essence Market Research report will be best fit for senior executives, business development managers, marketing managers, consultants, CEOs, CIOs, COOs, and Directors, governments, agencies, organizations and Ph.D. Students. We have a delivery center in Pune, India and our sales office is in London.

Contact Us:

Contact No.: +91 7447409162, +44-2038074155, 1-888-853-7040

Email: sales@brandessenceresearch.com

Banks are pressurised today as Indices are at today’s low; NIFTY above 9700. Shree Cements is the top gainer by 0.74% whereas ONGC has lost over 4.43%.

But what affects the real estate? What are the factors that can help determine the scenario of real estate in the upcoming weeks?

Talking about the metro cities, the situation is quite strategic. COVID-19 is working its highest charm over these cities and them being the most lucid real estate hub, it's quite important to derive the trend from them. Some operations are being undertaken as said by MHA in Sanad, Gujarat. With 50% capacity, the industries have started which can indicate the rotation of money in the market. However, in real estate people are still not liquifying their assets. 

On the other hand, as far as the trend in Ahmedabad is concerned the current week's realty problem area arrangement investigates a micro-market in Ahmedabad called Satellite. The spot is arranged in West Ahmedabad and is near key business regions and instructive organizations. Satellite offers simple access to unmistakable territories of South Bopal, Ambawadi, Navrangpura and involves great social framework. The region has 12+ schools, 10+ medical clinics and 16+ banks.

Other factors which can affect the trend in real estate is that of raw materials. For example, cement, bricks, labour charges, unemployment rate, the purchasing capacity of the people and alike. As per sources, the share prices of the cement companies have decreased by as low as -5.45% and increased as high as +13.04%. From this, it is likely that the prices of the flats or any other concrete buildings may rise as the average percentage change is positive. 

Real estate is one of the most prominent buyers of cement and hence the future of cement industries will directly affect the real estate fields as stated in the above.

Director & CEO Ranish Human Capital Pvt Ltd I

Head Organization Development,Learning & Development 
Gujarat  & Bangaluru
 Chemical  & Pharma l Organisation 

 
Excellent Career Opportunity Opportunity in the area of Organization Development & Learning & Development

Responsibilities

Strategizing & Leading all People/Organisation Development Interventions
Selection, Executive Assessment, Coaching, individual Development Planning, Talent Review, Succession Planning & Executive Development Programs
Leading the Performance Management Process with a focus on Consistent implementation & Capability Building

Supporting the Development of high Potential Employees at Senior & mid-Career levels, ensuring an enhanced Pipeline of high Performing Professional Talent

Driving the Culture Building Exercise & Play a Critical Role in Strategizing Learning & Development interventions to Strengthen the People Capability.

Ensure functional Capability framework is implemented & Proper Tracking is done to Map ROI for the Functions

Collaborate with the leadership Team on the formulation of key Strategies by anticipating TM issues & Solutions as Appropriate

Qualification & Experience

Well Qualified PGDM -HR from a Premier Institute
About 15-18 years of Exp. with Strong Exposure & In Depth Experience of Organization Development Practices.
Certifications in Talent Management /OD will be an Added Advantage

Sills & Expertise

Strong leadership Management Skills, i.e., Comfortable with leading Teams under Uncertainty, Ambiguity & Constant Change.

Excellent Interpersonal Skills : Able to Affectively & Quickly Build Relationships & Establish Trust, Respect, Competence & Confidence

 Good Experience in Manufacturing Preferably in Chemical /Pharmaceutical Organisation

Interested Professionals may Share their Details at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

MLE℠ - Member Leaders Excellence at Harvard Square

Great opportunity

Leadership position in HR at SUZUKI MOTOR GUJARAT PRIVATE LIMITED

To view or add a comment, sign in

Accelerate Bold Strategies that Drives Sustainable Growth.
 
In Order to Meet Business Challenges & to Build Capabilities in a Global Environment ,We have Designed/ Developed Effective Strategy to help Our Clients meet these Challenges

The Transformational Landscape leverage on Change & Build Leadership Capabilities to enable Sustained Performance with a Focus towards Creating Futuristic Organisations
The Broad Areas includes :
 
Organisation Design & Restructuring
Job Evaluation ,Role Analysis & Job Description
Defining Organisation Hierarchy , Creating Job Bands
Classification /Rationalisation of Designations /Levels / Span of Control 
Design & Development of HR Policies , Systems & Processes
Design & Dev .of Performance Management System
Compensation Design ,Variable Pay / Rewards Programs
Design & Development of Competency Framework
Assessment Centre & Individual Development Plan
Performance Coaching for leadership Development
Organisation Diagnostic Study, Culture & Engagement Audit
Leadership Strategy- Talent & Succession Management
Engagement Strategy - Building a Stronger Work Place
Building HR Strategy in Alignment with Business Strategy
HR Analytics/Performance Dashboard, HR Matrices

We Would work with the HR Team & ensure the implementation of the Above interventions effectively to Foster Positive Change in the Organisation besides helping HR Professionals to Develop their Capability & Domain Knowledge

Organisation Seeking above Strategic Interventions may Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in

Head -R&D -Agrochemicals
 
Responsibilities:
 Lead & Motivate Team of Senior Scientists with Multiple labs incl Analytical lab.
 To lead literature Search & Identify Suitable Route/Process for Product Development in the fields of Agrochemicals ,Polymers & Pigments
 Monitoring Development Activity with respect to Cost, Resource Deployment, Time over-runs & Quality Compliance.
 Giving Support for Registration of New Products with Statutory Authorities.
 Knowledge of Techno Commercial, legal, Regulatory & environmental requirements for smoother implementation of projects.
Take Challenges of trouble Shooting & Improving Efficiencies of current practice/products.
 To Conduct Pilot Scale Trials with the help of Chemists/Production & Subsequently Provide Support during Commissioning to ensure Smooth Technology Transfer.
Generating various MIS and keeping Management updated.
 Co-ordinate and liaise with Heads of various Departments including Production, Design ,Project, Quality Assurance, Commercial, in Pursuance of Company’s functions & Policies.
 Define R&D Programs & Set Priorities according to Organizations Strategic Goals.
Ensure Safety in R&D.

Desired Candidate Profile
Incumbent should be PhD in Organic Chemistry with 20-25 plus years of Experience in a Reputed R&D Center in Similar industry. Incumbent Should Possess good leadership/Managerial capabilities to lead a Team of Senior Scientist.
Should be Innovative & have flair for Process Development leading to Pilot & Commercial Plants.

Interested Professionals May Share their CV at manoj@ranish.co.in,sunil @ranish.co.in

Vice President -Corporate Communication & Marketing -
Large Chemical Organisation 

Responsibilities
 
Create Strategic Communication Plans & handle Both External & internal Communication for all Business Division of the Company.
Digital Marketing- Create Engaging Digital Media Strategies & Plans that Can enhance Brand Awareness; Drive More Traffic to Company Websites & help in Building Organic follower base.
Manage SEO, SMM, ORM and enhance Brand Visibility.
Handle External Agencies for Digital Marketing, PR and SEO & Hyper Local SEO, Do their Performance Reviews & Drive Maximum results for Brand Building.
Organizing Events & evaluating event Opportunities & Other Customer engagement Activities to Drive More Business.
Creating & Managing all Marketing/Promotional Collaterals along with Company Websites.
Lead a Team of Communication Professionals and help the Company to Create effective Communication Plans.
Developing & Managing Content for all Communication Channels/Platforms.
Handling Branding or Marketing Requirements of all Branches/Associates & Overseas locations as well.
Handling Corporate tie-ups for the Brand.
Vendor Management.

 
COMMUNICATION

Promote Company Brand locally & ensure its visibility within the Territory.
Monitor Presence in Social Media & increase viewership/ follower base.
Represent Company on various forums, events, industry or Community Groups.
Manage Relationships with  Media to Generate Greater Coverage for the Company.
Respond to Queries, Expert Advice Sought from Media Agencies.

well Qualified Professionals with about 15-20 years of experience in Any Manufacturing Organisation Preferably Chemicals 

Female Candidates may be given Preference

Interested Professionals May Share their Profiles at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in, manoj@ranish.co.in

Chief Financial Officer -North India

This Position Would Play a Critical Role to Steer Business Growth ,Drive Top line Growth, Improve Margins & Cash flow.

Responsibility Includes Budget forecast, Review of Financial Performance & Profitability of the Organisation .

Would also be be Responsible for Management Reporting on Projection & Variance in Revenue, Operating Cost & Income, Financial Reports & Analysis, Receivables & Payments

Managing Insurance Portfolio for All Assets & Banking Operations, All indirect /Indirect Taxes, filing, Statutory Audits & Compliance.

Key Responsibilities

Review of Performance vs Budget; Earning ,Variance Analysis,
Forward Forecasting & Predictive Analytics

Cash Flow Statement, P&L, Balance Sheet & Statutory financial reports
Provisioning, Closing & reporting for receivables & Payables
Budgeting & Strategy Plans,Financial Planning & Analysis
Costing & Performance Management
Banking Operations .
Compliance for a Listed Entity
Cost Optimisation, Commercial & Taxation
Revenue Accounting , Consolidation of Accounts & Expenses

The Candidate Should be a Qualified CA with about 25 years of Experience of Managing Financial function of Any Listed Organisation with Over Rs 500 Crores Turnover Preferably in Pharmaceutical /Chemicals Organisations


Professional May Share their CV at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in .manoj@ranish.co.in

Chief Executive Officer (CEO )-Speciality Film- Nigeria

 Key Responsibilities

Manage Overall P&L , Growth, & EBITDA as Per Agreed Targets 
Design, Develop & Implement Overall Business Strategy & Plans.
Lead the Organisation Growth Plans & Achieve Targeted Top / Bottom lines through Effective Business Strategies.
Effectively Coordinating & Managing all Functions-Manufacturing Supply Chain, HR, Quality ,Regulatory Affairs & R&D
Lead the Development of organisation long & Short-Term Strategies
Creates an Environment & Culture that Focuses on Meeting the Company’s Mission, Vision & Values
Develop Business Prospects by Studying Economic Trends & Revenue Opportunities; Projecting Acquisition & Expansion
Prospects; Analysing Organization Operations;
Build a Stronger Work Place ,Engage Employees & Work Closely with the Management Team to Develop & Retain Quality Talent.
Oversees Financial Performance & Risk Profile while ensuring all Statutory & Regulatory Compliances.
Monitor Company Performance by Measuring & Analysing Results, Initiating Corrective Actions & Minimising the Impact of Variances.
Increases Revenues / Income & Manage Operating Cost in Manufacturing, Supply Chain & Other Functions 


Skills & Expertise:
Financial Planning ,Strategy, Forecasting, Marketing & Business Development
Risk Management, Compliance & Regulatory Requirements
Budgeting, Balance Sheets, Income Statements, Cash flow & Capital Planning Management Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
A Technical & Financial Savvy leader with the Ability to Set Clear Priorities, Delegate & Guide Investment in People & Systems.

Qualification & Exp
A Chemical / Mechanical Engr With MBAs / PGDM,
Exp Around 25 Years
Exceptional leadership Qualities .Must be Currently at  SBU-Head of a Large Flexi Packaging Film  Organisation.
Should have experience in Nigeria/African Countries 
 

Professional Many Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

AVP/Vice President - Manufacturing HR at Corporate , Mumbai 

Responsibilities

Looking for a Mature , Capable & an Exceptional Leader to Lead & Manage the Human Resources of Multiple  Manufacturing Sites

The Incumbent Would be Responsible To Drive Strategic HR Agenda at the Manufacturing Set Up & effectively Manage Stakeholders Expectations .
Work Closely With the Leadership in Designing & Implementing Change with a Focus on Leading all HR Initiatives
Manage the Complete Employee life Cycle( Hire to Retire )
Collaborate with the leadership team to Design & Deliver HR Products
Responsible for Talent Management & Strategic HR,
Manage All New hire On-boarding, Training ,Employee Development HR Operations & Industrial Relations
Drive Performance Management , Employee Engagement, Design & Develop Policies & Introduce Best HR Practices
Work on Important Projects with Key leadership , Develop & Implement HR Strategy Aligned to Business Strategy
Management of Internal & External Environment 
 
Qualification & Experience 

 MBA /PGDM from a Good institute with About 15-20 years of Experience With a Large Chemical/Pharmaceutical Organisation  in a Leadership Role in HR.
The Position would Report to CHRO
An Out of Box Thinker , Able to See Big Picture & Create Impact on the Overall Performance of the Business
 
Interested Professionals May Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in, manoj@ranish.co.in

 Vice President  -Corporate Communication & Marketing -Mumbai

Responsibilities
 
Create Strategic Communication Plans & handle both external & internal communication for all business Division /verticals of the Company.
Digital Marketing- Create Engaging Digital Media Strategies & Plans that Can enhance Brand Awareness; Drive More Traffic to Company Websites & help in Building Organic follower base.
Manage SEO, SMM, ORM and enhance brand visibility.
Handle External Agencies for Digital Marketing, PR and SEO & Hyper Local SEO, Do their Performance Reviews and Drive Maximum results for Brand Building.
Organizing Events & evaluating event Opportunities & Other Customer engagement Activities to Drive More Business.
Creating & Managing all Marketing/Promotional Collaterals along with Company Websites.
Lead a Team of Communication Professionals and help the Company to Create effective Communication Plans.
Developing & Managing Content for all communication channels/platforms.
Handling Branding or Marketing requirements of all Branches/Associates & overseas locations as well.
Handling Corporate tie-ups for the Brand.
Vendor Management.
Crisis Management.
 
COMMUNICATION

Promotion & Brand Management
Promote Company brand locally & ensure its visibility within the territory.
Monitor Presence in Social Media & increase viewership/ follower base.
Represent Company on various forums, events, industry gatherings or Community groups.
Manage Relationships with local Media to Generate Greater Coverage for the Company.
Respond to Queries, Expert Advice Sought from Media Agencies.
Respond to Queries received through Social Media.

Female Candidates may be given Preference

Interested Professionals May Share their Cv at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in, manoj@ranish.co.in

Chief executive Officer (CEO )-Pharmaceutical - API

 Key Responsibilities

Manage Overall P&L , Growth, & EBITDA as Per Agreed Targets 
Design, Develop & Implement Overall Business Strategy & Plans.
Drive Manufacturing Excellence, Productivity & Performance , Cost Optimisation
Lead the Organisation Growth Plans & Achieve Targeted Top / Bottom lines through Effective Business Strategies.
Effectively Coordinating & Managing all Functions-Manufacturing Supply Chain, HR, Quality ,Regulatory Affairs & R&D
Lead the Development of organisation long & Short-Term Strategies
Creates an Environment & Culture that Focuses on Meeting the Company’s Mission, Vision & Values
Develop Business Prospects by Studying Economic Trends & Revenue Opportunities; Projecting Acquisition & Expansion
Prospects; Analysing Organization Operations; 
Build a Stronger Work Place ,Engage Employees & Work Closely with the Management Team to Develop & Retain Quality Talent.
Oversees Financial Performance & Risk Profile while ensuring all Statutory & Regulatory Compliances.
Monitor Company Performance by Measuring & Analysing Results, Initiating Corrective Actions & Minimising the Impact of Variances.
Increases Revenues / Income & Manage Operating Cost in Manufacturing, Supply Chain & Other Functions 


 Skills & Expertise:
Financial Planning & Strategy, Forecasting, Marketing & Business Development
Risk Management, Compliance & Regulatory Requirements
Budgeting, Balance Sheets, Income Statements, Cash flow & Capital Planning Management Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
A Technical & Financial Savvy leader with the Ability to Set Clear Priorities, Delegate & Guide Investment in People & Systems.

Qualification & Exp
A Chemical / Mechanical Engr With MBAs / PGDM,
Exp around 25 Years 
Exceptional leadership Qualities with International Exposure.
Must be currently at CEO or SBU-Head of a Large API Organisation.
A Dynamic & Inspiring Leader 

Professional Many Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

Head – R&D -Specialty Plant Nutrition
 
To Streamline Processes / Systems for Developing Differentiated Products & Train Research team to Work on Different New Age Technologies.

Develop in-house Differentiated Products in Water Soluble, Slow & Controlled Release, Bio Stimulants & Nano Fertilizers Space.
To Understand Market Gaps, farmer Needs & Trends in National & International Specialty Plant Nutrition Space & Aligning the R&D to realize the Opportunity
 Collaborate with Alliance Partners/ Understanding Technologies/ Products & help Marketing/ Sales Teams to Build the Volumes
To Develop good R&D facilities/ labs at Various Manufacturing locations 
Key Accountabilities 
Define Short & long-Term R&D Research Areas & Develop a Product Roll out Plan.
Develop R&D Strategic Plan & Drive innovation.
Understanding/evaluating Global Strategic Alliances’ Products & Technologies.
Market Intelligence /Understanding Changing Market Needs / Develop Sustainable Agriculture Practices & Aligning New Products 

Strategize & lead the Speciality Nutrition R&D & with New & Differentiated Product
  R&D in Specialty Nutrition Space   
Identification of New Research Areas / in-house Development of Technology
Planning & Review of Product Trials with Evaluation Team
Identify Horizontal/vertical Research Areas in Water Soluble, Biofertilizers, Bio Stimulants, Nano Fertilisers & Slow & Controlled Release Fertilisers space.
Understanding FCO/ Bio Stimulants / Nano Fertilisers & Other Policies to ensure that all New Products Strictly Adhere to the Norms
Responsible for Accreditation of R&D facilities from Highest Government Authorities.
Bringing New Technologies to Speed up Product Evaluation
Tie up with National & International Research institutes/ Universities for New Technologies/ Technical Transfers for entering into New Research Areas & Developing Upcoming Products
 
Qualification & Experience
Well Qualified PhDs/ Doctorate Professionals with Experience of About 25 years in Any Speciality Nutrition R&D Required

Interested Professionals May Share their CVs at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in,manoj@ranish.co.in

Ranish Human Capital P Ltd

Engagement of Experts In Organisation Development/Transformation , Talent Management & Strategic HR With Ranish Human Capital

We Wish to Strengthen Our Organisation Transformation Division & therefore Wish to Empannel Freelance Professionals /Management Consulting Organisations in the following Areas to Drive Corporate Agenda of Our Client Organisation on Pan India Basis

Area Of Expertise

Organisation Diagnosis , Organisation Design & Restructuring ,
Design & Development Of Job Descriptions
Design Develop Competency Framework ,
Assessment Centre ,Competency Assessment
Benchmark , Design & Develop HR Polices & Systems
Design & Develop Performance Management Systems
Compensation Design , Rewards Programmes , Variable Pay
Employee Engagement -Building a Stronger Work Place
Talent & Succession Management
Leadership Coaching -ICF Certified Coach
Trainers -Behavioral & Functional & Technical Training

Professional Should Be well Qualified 
Strong Conceptual knowledge with   3-5 years Experience of Working in Any Consulting /Manufacturing Organisations .

Current Requirements are in Mumbai , Gujarat & NCR

May Connect at ss_sahrawat@ranish.co.in

31,756 followers

With a turnover of ₹250 Cr p.a, Jatin Ahuja aims to achieve ₹1,000 Cr milestone for Big Boy Toyz Ltd

From selling a pen of ₹3, profitably at age of 10 to being the owner of BBT at 32, Jatin is a trusted preowned, luxury cars dealer

Business model:

20% payment upfront. They arrange a loan for the balance amt & there is a buy-back guarantee for the #car as they pay up to 60-80% of its value

A milestone was achieved in 2005 when he got a Mercedes that was damaged in the Mumbai floods, restored it & sold it for a profit of ₹25 lakh

In 2006, seeing the #market for mobile numbers, he bought 1,200 SIM cards of the 99999 series from Vodafone, sold it & earned ₹24 lakh

By 2007, from ₹2 Cr, launched Magus Cars that imported new cars for its sale in #India

Soon in 2009, Jatin launched BBT & it was a big hit

~Turnover of the 1st year: ₹6Cr

In 2016, BBT crossed the ₹100 Cr turnover mark & now sells 30 cars a month

Demonetization imposed 48% GST on luxury cars, which he, along with Maruti, Mahindra & Tata sought it to 18%

Its E-booking facility/online sales: 50% of its revenue

His aim: To be an #inspiration for his daughter & create a legacy

Truly a person who sells #luxury but is down to earth! Indeed BBT is a "Supercar for Superstars" by the Superstar himself

The Representative
        

What would you choose at Rs 999 - a clothing piece or a flight ticket?

A tricky question that quickly triggers your mind into questioning your needs. That’s what Cleartrip’s ad did in the newspaper today morning.

A smart way of attracting people to check out their travel offers by comparing it with a normal purchases of a #customer. 

Out of all the current festive season sale ads, Cleartrip’s ad in TOI today is the most engaging, witty & neatly presented. 

Selling commodities is like selling your phone or a car to a second hand buyer. But selling #travel is like selling your house, a much difficult task unless at attractive prices.

What do you think can be other creative ways to sell travel to customers? Thoughts?
        

The face behind the Indian IT boom, the man who introduced Aadhar Cards in India & a visionary who touched the sky with Infosys- here’s how Nandan Nilekani became the God of India’s tech.

After his graduation from IIT Bombay, Nandan started working with Patni Computers in 1978.

Post that, he was interviewed by the Infosys founder, Narayan Murthy to join his founding team. 

In 1981, he & five other employees left Patni Computers to start Infosys. He became the CEO in 2002 after holding positions of a COO, MD, & President. 

He left Infosys in 2009 to become the chairman of UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India), an administration cabinet ranking position. 

Wondering how he did that?
He was invited by then Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh to lead UIDAI.

And during his tenure as #chairman, he implemented the Aadhar to help the government create the population database digitally. 

This project launched by him was also called “The Biggest Social Project on the Planet” as it got 1.14 bn people registered to the system!

• From tech to politics:

Nandan had also tried contesting in the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections. 

He had joined Indian National Congress Party from the Bangalore South constituency.

This tech #billionaire’s assets worth Rs 7710 cr (as was filed with the election commission) had made him the wealthiest candidate in the 2014 Lok Sabha election.

But with Modi coming in power, he lost the seat to a BJP candidate.

• The billionaire’s give back:

In 2017, him & his wife pledged to #donate more than 50% of their total wealth to the “Giving Pledge” movement, organized by Bill Gates. 

He is also the chairman of EkStep, a not-for-profit to improve basic literacy for millions of children in India. 

Currently he is working with PM Modi on developing a #tech to compete with Amazon, & also running the fundamentum partnership which raised $227 mn for its second fund. It has two unicorns in its portfolio- Pharmeasy and Spinny. 

Nandan saw the future of internet & tech much before any other global player. 

Who do you think has the same forward looking mindset in our Indian startup ecosystem today?
        

Did you know the largest marine oil spill in the world had caused bp to pay $65 billion in 2010?

In a bid to do cost cutting, BP took risks that costed them much more. The fee was broken down into,

1. criminal and civil penalties
2. natural resource damages
3. economic and social claims
4. cleanup costs

With 800 mn litres of oil being released into the Gulf of Mexico, the fire not only destroyed BP’s physical property but also destroyed shareholder #wealth. 

From April 19, 2010, to June 25, 2010, BP’s share price came down by 55% after this Deepwater Horizon incident! 

After the spill, the U.S. Environment Protection Agency had #banned BP from bidding for new work in the Gulf of Mexico and supplying fuel to the military. The ban was however lifted after 4 years, in March 2014.

Today, BP is doing great as if this incident never happened. It is one of the strongest investment bets as per Bloomberg as it is focused on returning capital to #shareholders with a recent share buyback announcement, worth $3.5 bn. 

Do you know of any other such multibillion dollar environmental corporate crimes?
        

Thrilled to have yesterday spoken with teenagers wanting to become entrepreneurs at an event organised by Ryan International School, Malad West, Mumbai and WHITE CANVAS INDIA  

Passing out of school 7 years back, never knew that I would get to address school students at 23. 

The level of creativity, energy & zest that these 14-15 year old students had for their business plans is unbeatable. 

Clearly, the future of #entrepreneurship in India is in great hands & initiatives like Young CEO program & boot camps give a boost to students wanting to startup early.

Where do you think are we headed with teenage entrepreneurship in India?

P.S.: Some of them were so well aware that they even knew of the investors in Ryan International education group :)
        

From the founders leaving their own startup, to it facing a financial crisis in 2019 to one of the investors becoming the CEO of the startup - here’s how Coverfox Insurance became the 2nd largest integrated platform for insurance in India.

Just as most insurance companies, selling via call centers & pushing products down the customer’s throat was Coverfox's strategy.

However, with an impressive #tech, the startup had managed to raise a total of Rs 385 cr but it failed to keep up its promise to investors who were waiting for a good bottomline!

Their earlier business model failed as it relied only on paid leads with 1000+ callers focused on sales for top line growth. With this, the startup's previous team lost sight of the runway and cash burn.

• Result? 

~ It only generated Rs 5 Cr in #revenue against a cash burn of Rs 10.25 Cr monthly, on an average!!

With this, the whole management team was changed and restructured. Investors were losing confidence but one of their investors Sanjib Jha became the interim CEO considering insurtech in India is poised to become a $13 bn mkt by 2026. He was joined by Piyush Ranjan (CTO), Manish Sultania (CFO) & John Mayne (group business head)
 
• How did the new management change the fate of Coverfox Group?

1. Sanjib turned it around to make it gross #profitable & the second largest integrated web aggregator with over 375 insurance products in the span of just 18 months.
 
Till date directly and through its technology platform, Coverfox cumulatively has sold over Rs 1250 cr + worth of premium.
 
2. Leveraging the superior technology for further penetration into the Indian insurance market, CoverStAck the technology arm of the group was formed. 
 
With its vision of making insurance available for the wider digital population using the power of technology, Coverstack has partnered with 22+ clients & has generated premiums worth over Rs 20 Cr in the last 4 months. 
 
Adding a full-fledged technology business to their portfolio resulted in their revenues to grow 6x along with significant reduction in cash burn.
 
#pivoting at the right time with the right team ensures a startup's survival in a highly competitive market. Agree?
        

Did you know that all of ROLEX’s profits goes in charity because it is owned by a NGO?

The most luxurious watch company which produces ~2000 watches per day & was the only Swiss watch brand to have sales of CHF 5 bn +, precisely a revenue of CHF 8 bn in 2021 (Rs 67,400 cr) is owned by Hans Wilsdorf Foundation. 

• Was it always an NGO? No.

Upon the death of Hans’ wife in 1944, he established a Foundation in his name, dumped all of his shares there to make sure all income from the Rolex goes to the foundation.

Not just Rolex, but some of the world’s most famous brands are owned by non-profit organizations. Some of them include:

1. Wikipedia – Owned by the Wikimedia Foundation.

2. Mozilla Firefox – Owned by the Mozilla Foundation.

3. National Geographic Channel – Owned by the National Geographic Society (25%) & 21st Century Fox (75%)

4. TED – Owned by the Sapling Foundation

Do you know of other such companies where the profits go fully for charity? 
Why do you think are they owned by NGOs and not companies?
        

Lido becomes yet another edtech startup to file for bankruptcy!

Before Lido, not one or two, but three other #edtech startups have crashed to the level of filing for insolvency.

• Why is this the case with edtech only in 2022?

1) It is a sector that grew too fast, too soon during the #pandemic. Once the shutters to the world opened, the shutters of these startup shops shut.

• How?

~ Repoening of schools resulted in a huge drop in the number of children enrolling on the online platforms. 

~ This turned the tables for #startups who had to refund their customer fees, and were unable to pay their debts & salaries to the employees. 

One reason why we saw most edtech startups joining the #layoff bandwagon was due to economic downturn and funding drought.

In case of Lido, it tried to survive through a potential M&A when Reliance was in talks to acquire them.

But,
• Customers walking off >>> Mounting losses

Losses can be repaired but once a customer is lost, it’s lost forever. Hence Reliance backed out leaving the Ronnie Screwvala backed Lido in deep trouble. 

Lido Learning is India’s fourth edtech startup to shut operations in 2022 after,

1. Udayy: Which fortunately had some reserves to #refund the money to all customers and pay a generous severance to their team members and teachers. 

So much so, they also helped almost 100% of their employees get into new jobs & are returning the remaining capital to the investors. 

2. SuperLearn: Due to a #funding crunch, they couldn’t survive. Plus their growth stagnated post pandemic.

3. Crejo.Fun: It got so bad with them that they were even looking sell the IP and the product to return investor money.

Funding crunch can still be overcomed but if #growth stops, no one can save a sinking ship.

If BYJUs fails in the edtech market, do you think we will see more investors pull out of the edtech ecosystem?

Why do you think is the edtech market amongst all, facing such bad headwinds?
        

How the so-called 'female Steve Jobs' in Silicon Valley committed one of the world's biggest startup frauds and misused $700 mn VC money.

Theranos' founder Elizabeth Holmes witnessed a soaring rise with an ambition to revolutionise blood testing only to see a shocking fall with a label of being a '#criminal'.

What pushed Theranos to the skies was a testing technology that required only a drop of blood. But the same tech also pushed them straight underground as the startup got buried when it was revealed that incorrect test results were given to patients!! 

Theranos constantly lied to their board members about the #technology that repeatedly failed quality assurance. The whole company was built on lies!

• How did this startup even start?

~ It was founded in 2003 by the 19-year-old Elizabeth Holmes, a Stanford dropout who used her tuition money to build Theranos.

At its peak in 2014, when Elizabeth was just 30, Theranos raised $700 mn at a $10 bn valuation on a promise to break through the then $70 bn blood #testing market.

Their blood-testing startup pitch was flying high in the Silicon Valley as they claimed to conduct 200+ tests ranging from the basic cholesterol levels to complex genetic analysis, with just a single pinprick of blood.

• The company had become the rising star of Silicon Valley but then what happened?

~ The technology didn’t work!

• How was this revealed?

~ Through a #whistleblower named John who disclosed that Theranos was not using its own tech to conduct tests due to its inefficiency. (His investigation is today an award winning book named, "Bad Blood: Secrets and Lies in a Silicon Valley Startup".)

Elizabeth didn't stay quiet! She outrightly denied everything John said & even threatened to sue him.

But when the FDA & FBI #investigation was carried out, nothing could remain hidden.

In 2018, Theranos declared it is shutting down. They couldn't find a buyer for obvious reasons & their last $700 mn raise came in as a rescue to give cash back to their creditors.

Elizabeth, who wanted to change the world with a revolutionising tech, changed her own world by committing a serious #fraud as she was severely punished with a 20 year jail sentence recently in Jan'22.

This fraud that sent shock waves across Silicon Valley is also documented in a TV series called, 'The Dropout', & even got covered on the big screen with the movie named, 'The Inventor: Out for Blood in Silicon Valley'.

The biggest learning from this scandal: Don't ride the valuation hype train & investigate each startup thoroughly before pumping in money. Agree? What do you think are the other learnings?
        

How a journalist who started with just Rs 50,000 in 1993 built Network18 into India's largest media empire from a small production company, and just got 3 days to decide if he wants to stay in his own company.

Amidst the news of Adani taking over NDTV, a similar yet more painful event was seen when Raghav Bahl revealed to the Network18 board that Reliance was taking over!

Raghav Bahl had two options when RIL decided to takeover:

1. Lose #control of the media company which he grew for 21 years and become a salaried employee (managing director with an annual salary of Rs 20 cr)
2. Simply quit, which Raghav did!

When RIL spent ₹ 4,000 cr to take complete control of Network18, it was declared as the biggest takeover in India’s #media industry.

• The backstory:

In 2012, Mukesh Ambani’s RIL gave loan in the form of convertible debentures to Network18’s promoter group companies. These were convertible into shares at any time within 10 years. 

Smartly enough, Mukesh Ambani decided to convert after it two-and-a-half years itself as Network18 reduced their losses with the help of the #loan.

The deal was fair but unexpected for Raghav. 

• But why did RIL act in a hurry to takeover?

1. He wanted to get a hold on the gas pricing affair & ensure that nothing goes against him in the media. 

2. He had plans to #takeover the telecom industry with Jio & needed a content factory with 100% control.

Today, RIL has access to all the content put out by the Network18 Group such as,

IBNlive, Moneycontrol, Firstpost, Cricketnext, Homeshop18, bookmyshow, and TV channels such as Colors, CNBC TV18, CNN-IBN, IBN7 and CNBC Awaaz.

And Raghav Bahl went onto to create yet another media powerhouse, ‘Quint’.

Do you think #monopolization of media (now with NDTV) will create lesser space for smaller and differing voices?
        

Indian founders can now get the best #valuations anywhere in the world without the fear of ‘round-tripping’ as startups can now freely flip their business to access global capital!

How?
~ The central government and the RBI have declared that round-tripping structures do not require #approval from the RBI, given that there is not more than two levels of subsidiaries.

So, is it really an exciting news?
~ For those who flip structures for money laundering by creating subsidiaries all over the world - no! xD
~ For those who genuinely do round tripping for business - yes!

Tech #startups, opting for the overseas direct investment route (ODI) will now see expansion in M&A/ PE activity as the RBI has also allowed investment or disinvestment by an investor, who is under investigation in India, without any approval.

- For investors,
1. The biggest relief: Indian LPs have now been allowed to invest in offshore PE/ VC funds directly without #regulatory approvals. 

Similarly, Indian GPs can now pool funds in GIFT City from domestic and international LPs to invest in Indian/ offshore targets without approvals.

2. VCs & AIFs can now invest in securities (debt/equity) of companies incorporated outside India, even if the investee company has no Indian connection. 

3. SEBI has increased the limit for investors to reinvest their proceeds in foreign companies. Its is now $1.5 bn, up from $750 mn until 2021. This limit might also go up to $3 bn as SEBI is in discussion with RBI.

Startups expand based on subsidiaries in new markets, and the new ODI regulations open up a lot of opportunities. Join us in our webinar today as we discuss about it. 
Registration link: https://lnkd.in/daja5yuG

P.S: Study material on the latest ODI rules (credits: Resolüt Partners): https://lnkd.in/dXq4ckm8

Do you think with these new rules, we will see more Indian funds in GIFT & founders getting active with acquisitions? (BYJUs will be the happiest given their acquisition spree :))

Radically Yours, Vaibhav, Utkarsh, N. Krishna
        

190,260 followers

People who buy Bread and milk are likely to buy Butter as well. This common usage is related to market- basket analysis or Association rule Mining in data science. This article is an attempt to explain the working of Association algorithms in the simplest way possible. Association works on an If-Then basis(if bread and milk, then butter too). We are going to look at events that are gonna happen together based on it's correlations.

The objective is to find the associations between the performances of different Industrial sectors which can happen together and help the market move up or down. For instance, If the Bank stocks move up (gain) in the market, will the IT sector gain too? We hope to find some associations similar to this at the end of this article which might help the traders in making buy/sell decisions.

The historic prices for various indices in the Nifty are publicly available on the NSE website. The assumption i make here is that the movements in Nifty indices are representative of Indian stock market. The sector based Indices are as follows:

I have selected the closing points(closing prices) of these Indices for the exploration. The time duration of data collection is from 25 march, 2020 to today( 19 July, 2020). The reason behind this selection is simple. This is the start of lockdown in the country as a result of Covid-19 Spread.

Now, we have to associate these data with the overall market movement. So, one more variable which consists of the closing prices of Nifty 50(the Index representative of overall performance of Nifty) is selected. Now we have 13 Features (independent variables) and 1 target variable with their respective closing prices. You have to keep in mind that considering these variables as independent is only restricted to this case and not in general sense. The dataframe has 77 rows and 15 columns.

Association rule is generally applied on binary data (i.e True/False, Yes/No, 1/0). So, we have to change these continuous values(closing prices) into whether the value closed in gain compared to the previous day(TRUE) or in loss(FALSE). For that, first we have to take the difference of each value from the value of previous day. These new values are saved to a new data frame nse1.

Now, i believe that there can be a shorter and simpler way to execute this operation (which i am still learning). This operation does not affect the first row, hence we delete that row later.

Dplyr is a library in R which helps in various data wrangling processes. This library is invoked to do the next process. We are now going to create new features(columns) for each variable which contains the TRUE/FALSE data whether the value is a market gain or not. This is done by passing in a condition of whether each value is greater than 0 or not. Greater than 0 means that the current day closing price is more than that of yesterday which is a gain(or TRUE). Let's see how it is executed.

Now, the data is ready for applying the model with 14 columns and 77 rows.

We need the library arules installed and invoked for these operations. To use the dataframe into Association rule, we have to change it into transaction format. This is done to suit the Apriori algorithm, which understands the data in terms of transactions and items(similar to market basket analysis).

A minimum support of 0.05 and confidence of 0.1(explained later) is fixed initially and a maximum of 4 associations are looked for.

Let us understand some terms here:

The results can be read like this. If IT and Bank sectors Gain, the market is said to be positive for the day. You can see various combinations of sectors happening together so that the market performs well at a present day.

Now let us see individual correlations of sectors with market gain( This is obtained by changing maxlen=2 in the previous code). Here, it is evident that positive Banking sector has the highest impact on Market gain.

Now, Let us incorporate losses of sectors as well. Watch the alteration made in the codes to do the same.

Now following the same previous codes are repeated.

Here, we find an interesting observation that if Bank sector performs well and FMCG performs poor, the market is to Gain. This can give an insight that the power of Bank sector is superior to that of FMCG in affecting the market. In results 8 to 13, we read that the negative impact of Oil and Gas sector on different combinations is not affecting the market performance when the others perform well. 14 to 19 shows similar results with Auto sector.

Now let us fix market loss(minusMarkets) at the RHS:

Here we find another observation that a poor performance from banking and financial sector has the most impact on a poor market performance. This is the vice-versa relation of the earlier observation. Hence we find strong direct correlations with financial sector and overall Stock market performance.

Now this model can also be used to see the correlations with respect to a particular sector, This can happen because in this data, dependent and independent variables can be used interchangeably.

One of the limitations of the study is that we can only find the directions of associations , and only limited insights are obtained on the magnitude of relationships.

Vadodara

Duqm

Mumbai

Ahmedabad

Kankrej

Greater Ahmedabad Area

Springfield, OH

Mississauga, ON

Surat

Sutton

Canada

Jamnagar

Greater Melbourne Area

Pune

New Hyde Park, NY

United Arab Emirates

Greater Adelaide Area

Rohtak

New London, CT

Atlanta Metropolitan Area

Mahesana

At Alpha-Numero Technology Solutions, our mission is to become one of the world's leading product-engineering services company and a trusted business-partner for safety-critical applications. We are at the forefront of new technologies and we bring innovations to enrich human lives.

We have been associated with many critical projects/programs for Fortune companies. We provide end-to-end product life cycle services with proven capabilities. Our core capabilities include but not limited to Cloud Computing, ASIC/FPGA, Hardware and Software Development, Verification & Validation, Embedded Software Design, Enterprise Data Management,  Business Intelligence &  Analytics, IoT Implementation, Mechanical Engineering & Design and related technology. 

In Aerospace Aviation industry, Alpha-Numero offers state-of-the-art solutions and services for Design, Development, Verification & Validation of Avionics Hardware and Software. Also, help in getting FAA/EASA Certification (Do-178B/C, DO-254 and DAL A to E level) through SOI Audits.

We are an outsourcing partner of several Fortune 500 companies and also an official Alliance Partner of Xilinx. We are catering to leading Aerospace and Defence companies along with companies in Telecom, Transportation, Semiconductor, Retail & e-commerce, Consumer Electronics and Healthcare domain.

We have a global presence to serve our customers worldwide, with headquarters in California and development centres in India and in Europe.

Irvine, California

Semiconductor Manufacturing

Ahmedabad, Gujarat

Santa Clara, CA

IT Services and IT Consulting

San Jose, California

Rajkot

Khambhalia

Junagadh

Bhavnagar

Greater Rajkot Area

Looking forward very much to Philanthropy’s high-level event in the margins of the Transforming Education Summit (TES) where the joint statement will be issued underlining philanthropy’s commitment to transform education.

The OECD netFWD & IEFG IN COLLABORATION WITH GPE, UNESCO and NORRAG will convene the meeting at Sunday, 18th September 2022, at 8:30 to 10:00 am (EDT).

#alchemyoflearning #philanthropy #globalalchemist #transformingeducationsummit #powerofmultidisciplinary #love #light #globalsouth #OECDnetFWD #IEFG #GPE #UNESCO # NORRAG
        

Last weekend, I was lucky enough to be invited to Camp Collective - a weekend in Folkstone, hosted by Lucy Abraham, Steve Lewis and Caroline Knight from The Collective Agency. I felt SO inspired by their company, vision and the community they have built around their desire to provide environmentally sustainable products to the commercial interiors market.

A special thank you Hamish Kilburn for all of the laughs :)

https://lnkd.in/eT3ekvJ5
        

"There is no place in Black America you can go and find the four essential institutions needed for the community.
1. Bank
2. School
3. Hospital
4. Supermarket
And you know why that is ironic?
Last year in 2016 Black America we spent $2 billion on air Jordans, $4 billion on liquor and alcohol,$600 million on fast food and we bought twice the amount of Mercedes Benz than white America even though White America has twice the wealth of the Black folks.
One thing about oppressed people,When you can't enjoy true freedom you sorround yourself with the symbols of that freedom."
Dr. Umar Johnson 
Its about time we work towards building strong institutions that serve our communities.
You can take action to change this by supporting the United States of Africa mission on Patreon:

https://lnkd.in/eegAvh2 

 #america #wealth #people #blackcommunity  #school #mercedesbenz #hospital #freedom 

        

Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II exemplified the best of what it means to be British. 
 
Today, I joined Assembly Members and leaders from across London at City Hall to pay our tribute to Her Majesty The Queen and send our sincerest well wishes to our new king, His Majesty King Charles III.
        

#Pediatricdentists are dedicated to the #oralhealth of #children from infancy through the teen years. They have the experience and qualifications to care for a #childsteeth #gums and #mouth throughout the various stages of #childhood.
To know more : #DENTALORALCARE2023
 | #March 27-28, 2023 Dubai, #UAE
#Mail:  dentalcare(at)globalconferencemeet(dot)com
        

Have you started listening to the Reclaiming Ourselves podcast? Last week, we did a deep dive on me, but this week, it is all about my co-host Laura Shook Guzman. 

She talks about her passion for founder mental health, the power of reclaiming ourselves as individuals & entrepreneurs, and the ways past trauma can inhibit our growth.

I have spent so much of my career seeing the connection between our past trauma and the way we relate to the world now. Looking at trauma has to be part of leadership development.  I love how Laura explains this connection in this week’s episode. 

Trauma doesn’t have to be big trauma (abuse, extreme neglect, etc), and this is why many of us (and many leaders) struggle to relate to the ways we talk about trauma. When we experience shame or parents that neglected us, those traumas impact our nervous system, our behavior, our feelings, and our ability to relate to the world. 

Laura is an expert in this area and if this interests you, be sure to check out this week’s podcast episode. 

You can find out more about the podcast and listen to the latest episode here: https://lnkd.in/g7V5zgUc or subscribe on Spotify, Apple or Google Podcasts by clicking here: https://lnkd.in/gGAG7hQm.

#leadershipdevelopment #emotionalintelligence #personaldevelopment
        

Honoured to be interviewed by none other than Mary Gostelow - recently recognised by International Hospitality Institute as one of the 100 Most Powerful People in Global Hospitality. 

The interview made me reflect on the 18 months of groundwork that went into building the foundation that became Araiya Hotels & Resorts alongside Murlidhar Rao - from design and construct manuals to brand guidelines to seeing our first property open in Himachal Pradesh. With properties launching soon in Gujarat and under development in Maharashtra and Kerala, we remain just as energised and thankful everyday for the opportunity to start a hotel brand from scratch. 

Thank you for listening! 

https://lnkd.in/eCbqjaT8

#hospitality #brand #people #thankyou #interview #araiyahotels #hotels
        

It turns out there is nothing new here... we've been reflecting our hopes and fears about China onto book covers for centuries.

How do I know? 

Because in 2013, my final dissertation for my MA in Antiques at the University of Central Lancashire was on the topic: "Chinoiserie in Publishing 1839-1911: British Depictions of China in Bookbinding from The Opium War to the Fall of the Qing Dynasty"

So the next time you write a book about China, and decide to make it red, or have red in the title, be aware that you are part of a long tradition of defining the Chinese people by a colour. 

Only it hasn't always been red. 

At the turn of the century, during the era of the Boxer Rebellion and the so called "yellow peril", know that my research showed a significant increase in books about China bound in yellow, with yellow covers, or the word yellow in the title. 

#youarewhatyouread #judgeabookbyitscover

https://lnkd.in/gmQy6uHb
        

We offer opportunities for experienced international nurses and carers to work in the UK. And we support our applicants every step of the way through the recruitment and immigration process. 

Please share the original post if you your audience might find this useful!
        

Find a life and job you love in the UK with Glo Recruitment!

We’re currently accepting applications from international nurses and senior care workers who want to come and work in the UK.

We understand that moving countries for a new job can be both hugely exciting and daunting at the same time. But we’ll support you every step of the way to make your transition to working in the UK as smooth as possible. 

Our team of immigration experts will help you navigate the immigration process with ease. We’ll also provide training opportunities where needed to help you both pass the UK entry requirements for your chosen profession and to develop your knowledge and confidence before starting your new role. 

#internationalnurserecruitment #workintheuk #healthcare #socialcare #nursingjobs #carerjobs #newlifeintheuk #newjobopportunity
        

Join our Women in Cyber Security Middle East (#WiCSME) Amazing Speakers in the Upcoming MiddleEast Instrumentations CyberSecurity & Automation Conference & Showcase (#MEICA2022). 

#WiCSME is a supporting Sponsor with an Elite Group of Women Leaders from various parts of our MiddleEast region who will be sharing many insightful thoughts covering Managing CyberSecurity in the Energy sector, Discussing what does it take to Build Cyber Resilience, touching base on the utilization of AI and other emerging technologies, and Golden takeaways to learn and reflect on.

Proud of Our #WiCSME team of Panelists:

Dr.Reem Faraj AlShammari (WiCSME Founding Partner, Kuwait🇰🇼).
Nehal Al Hemeiri, CISO (WiCSME Member, UAE🇦🇪)
Sara Al Kindi (WiCSME Member, Oman🇴🇲)
Moderated by yours truly (WiCSME Founding Partner, UAE🇦🇪).

The Panel is taking place this Monday 19th September, 2022.
Please check below from MEICA 2022 for further registration details. 👇🏻

🔗 https://lnkd.in/e-2m_AMq

#Women #WomeninCyber #ICS #Energy #Infrastructure #Infosec #CyberSecurity
        

Join us in welcoming our PANELISTS for the 3rd edition of MEICA 2022, who will be part of the "Industry Leader's Panel: Women in Cybersecurity", taking place from 19th to 21st September at Hotel Raffles Dubai, UAE.

Register NOW: https://lnkd.in/dzTtRkJt 

For any queries, e-mail register@aldrichme.com or call +97142080800
 
#refinery #oilandgas #engineers #machinery #oilindustry #energyindustry #energy #controlsystems #processcontrol #AI #Processsafety #processautomation #measurement #IIoT #valves #flowmeasurement #temperaturemeasurement #pressuremeasurement #pressuresensor #controlvalve #industrialcybersecurity #attendinperson #aramco #cybersecurity #digitaltransformation #IoT #instrumentation #control #automation #middleeast #callforpapers #callforpaper #aldrichinternational #aramco #meica2022 #bigdata #cybersecurity #it #operationaltechnology #controlsystems #governance #compliance #knowledge #knowledgesharing #womenincybersecurity #industryleader #panelists
        

9th Live Event of 2022
*Today 7 pm UK time*

Join Zoom Meeting
https://bit.ly/3oDCV7R
Meeting ID: 724 296 0211
Passcode: 1234

We have sessions on:
Neera Syrus Joseph, sharing her journey from Dentists to Property Investor in the UK

The session will follow 20min Q&A

We will make announcements about our 10th Live Event.

We look forward to seeing you today.

#ProjectPossible #Event #PropertyInvestor #Dentists
        

3,686 followers

I would like to announce that I quit working with/for Würth Business Services on 29th July'22 in order to pursue my Masters.

Being my first corporate job, I have learnt a lot at the company. Firstly, I thank Würth Business Services for giving me the opportunity to contribute to the growth of the company during my tenure.

Secondly, I would like to thank my TL Anushree Pradhan for being understanding and approachable all the time and my teammates Urvija Thakurdesai Rama Haridas Saee Shaligram Srishti upadhyay Aayush Thorve Yugandhara Dabhole Siddhi Upadhyay and Aishwarya Purohit for being very accommodating and helpful. You all have a special place in my heart.❤
Madhura Joshi Although we belonged to different teams, you have been a great back up, I thank you for that. 😊

Thirdly, I would also like to thank Würth Industrie Service GmbH & Co. KG (Personal abteilung) and Würth Belux (official) for all the trainings given to me and entrusting me with your processes. Hope to visit you all soon!! 🤞🏽

Lastly, I would like to thank Norman Dentel for providing his guidance and support when requested. Your initiative helped break a common stereotype about the CEOs not being available to the lower level managements. Highly admirable!

Thank you all once again! 🤗


 #Wuerthfam #BeWuerthLike

        

I feel elated to announce that I have started working full time with Fincite as a Product Owner from August 2022. 

I joined Fincite a year ago as an intern, and ever since then, I have felt that I was a part of a company which believes in growth mindset and thought leadership, which made the decision to continue with them, a very simple one. 

A big thanks to the management team of Fincite, who believed in me and a bigger thanks to all my colleagues, who supported me in this endeavour.

Fincite empowers people in making intelligent financial decisions by providing the best in class WealthTech software. We aim to revolutionise the digital investing world through our innovative products which in turn benefit retail investors.

#fincite #wealthmanagement #assetmanagement #fintech #wealthtech #wealthadvisory #digitalinvestments #crypto #defi #onboarding #advice #investment #ordering #reporting #esg #esginvesting
        

Two interns just joined us. They are from the same school, same neighborhood, and similar grades. 

I asked them a question. One answered "Huh? I am just an intern." The other said, "I'll find out." 

Never be limited by your title or by what you do not know. 

It's the difference between leaving a great impression and being forgettable. 

It's the difference between "Huh" and "I'll find out".

 Attitude matters.
        

If I could go back in my back in time and kick myself in the butt for my three biggest business mistakes it would be these...

If you're an entrepreneur, I hope you find this useful. Here goes:

1) NOT HIRING SOONER

For the first year of running Mindvalley, I didn't hire anyone because I wanted to save money. 

I thought if I hired employees, they were gonna suck me dry. I'd been losing profit margins, and so I was overly careful about cash. 

As a result, for the first year I had zero employees, but guess what? 

I was wasting time doing things that would have been so much cheaper to pay someone else to do. I was so concerned about money and budgeting. I wasn't thinking straight. That was the first mistake. 

2) NOT LOOKING INTO AUTOMATION 

If you want to grow a business, I know it's so much easier to automate large sections of your business. 

Anyone can learn the basics of automation, where you can use no-code software like Airtable, or any number of new AI tools to automate tasks that in the past you would need people to do. 

The third mistake must have cost me millions of dollars...

3) PREPARING AND NEGOTIATING AGREEMENTS

So when I first started my business, I didn't have faith in myself as an entrepreneur. I doubted myself because I was a computer programmer. 

I'd never taken a business class. 

I've never gone to business school. 

So I brought in a partner who did have a business degree, and he asked for a large chunk of the business, and rather than create a big performance plan, or pay him a salary, I said yes, and I gave away a massive amount of my business - almost half. 

I had to buy back those shares for millions upon millions of dollars. It costs me a lot. It put me in debt. And all because I doubted myself and didn't know how to create proper agreements. 

So yeah, knowing when and how to say no and when to say yes... would be the third.

Those three mistakes - if you can avoid them, it can make a massive impact on growing your business. 

In the past couple of years, I've been supplementing Mindvalley's training curriculum with a whole new wing- entrepreneurship.

We now have a huge suite of programs with top business luminaries and entrepreneurs such as Naveen Jain, Verne Harnish, Miki Agrawal, Cameron Herold, Keith Ferrazzi, and more...

But I'm curious to hear from you...

What's the biggest business mistake you've made? 

Let me know in the comments...(and maybe save others from doing the same)

#entrepreneurship #hiring #business
        

I usually sleep like a baby on flights but this time, my eyes were wide awake. I was so nervous and excited that my dream was finally coming true. We have been working on this project for the last 10 years, and are finally one step closer to India’s own Silicon Valley… 

I am proud to share with you all that we are making one of the biggest investments in the heart of high-tech India worth ₹1.54 lac crores! Our team at Vedanta will be setting up the country's first-ever semiconductor and display glass plant in Gujarat.

A lot of you may already know what semiconductors are. I like to think of them as the brain of our electronics. They are present everywhere - in your TVs, laptops, automobiles, ACs, and your favourite smartphones. They truly are the new “oil” of our fast-moving digital economy. 

And soon, you will be able to afford them at half the price! 

By producing such tech in India, we will open the door to millions of indirect jobs. Our startups and entrepreneurs can use these chips as raw materials to produce their electronics - bringing down costs and making them affordable for every citizen of our country. 

I want nothing more than to see our youth, especially our women, and their talent shine through the right resources and infrastructure. This movement will soon take our Indians from job seekers to job creators… 

As an entrepreneur, these things cannot happen unless you have the blessings of the cosmos where everyone comes together to make it a success. My heartfelt gratitude goes to our Prime Minister Modi ji for his vision of an Atmanirbhar Digital India, and CM Bhupendra Rajnikant Patel and Union IT Minister Shri Ashwini Vaishnaw for their support in tying things up so quickly. 

This is India’s moment. We are the land of opportunity and I invite all youngsters to shoot for the stars…let’s go from being chip takers to chip makers. 

Vedanta Resources Limited Akarsh Hebbar
        

Cultural and organisational change are always challenging. This simple model offers one explanation as to why involving too many people in a project can often slow things down. #culturechange #projectmanagement # #organisationalchange
        

Wondering why decision-making or communication is hard on a given project? Remember Brooks law: adding people to a project running late will only make it run later

Keep your teams small folks.
        

I'm so grateful to receive Gold in the Best Use of Games in Learning category at this year's Brandon Hall Awards for a training that I designed and developed.

I have always believed that learning through play is the most natural form of learning, so it feels great to be in a company where I can create effective and engaging learning experiences. Thanks to Binay J for believing in me and my vision.

Special thanks to the incredible illustrator Krutika Raju and the amazing animators Arun Karikalan and Siddharth Sinha who were absolutely crucial to this project's success. I had the most fun working on this project thanks to this team.

 #abinbev #upscale #bhgawards 

        

AB InBev wins again! We have two wins at the 2022 Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards.  

AB InBev GCC won the coveted Brandon Hall Group Gold award for excellence in the “Best Use of Games or Simulations in Learning” category and the Brandon Hall Group Silver award for excellence in the “Best Advance in Compliance Training” category.

These wins were a collaboration between the Global Security and Compliance Awareness team and the UpscAle Learning Design & Tech team. Our wins demonstrate the strength of our vision to enable a culture of continuous learning and growth.

A huge shoutout to the teams! Learn more here: https://lnkd.in/d3DaWcwf

#ABInBev #ABInBevGCC #Awards2022 #Innovation #FutureWithMoreCheers
        

Vote for my podcast and listen to it too!

To vote please click on the link below:
https://lnkd.in/dtHDBH6v

Under Wellbeing, in the search field, please choose The Cellular Alchemist and give us your vote. 

My #mission is to help people of every age, ethnicity, and gender, discover the power of choice in their lives so that they can touch the field of #consciousness and #light within themselves.  

You'll find out why when you listen, so watch this space for more. 

In the meantime, catch up on episodes you've missed here:
https://lnkd.in/dRbhV4_c

Most popular self-help podcasts in #India. 

Much obliged and grateful for the support.

#bestwellbeingpodcast #voteforme #podcastindia #wellbeing #ritumalhotra #thecellularalchemist
        

Sundar Pichai is worth $1.51 billions.

He shared everything in his Google letters of how he did it for 7 years along with Sergey Brin & Larry Page. 

I read 10,000 words so you don't need to. Here are 10 lessons everyone should know:

[1] User experience is everything

Focus on helping the users in moments that are both big and small.

Provide holistic development so that they get healthy, happy, skilled, and successful with your product.

[2] Using technology to solve the most urgent problems

AI advancements and Machine Learning can transform the way we solve societal problems.

This technology can be used for social causes such as early detection of cancer.

Get better with the changing technology.

[3] Being inclusive

Your products should keep everyone's interest in mind. 

Your company culture should thrive on inclusivity and fair opportunities.

[4] Creativity is a success

The only way to mature and evolve a company is to get creative.

Find newer and more efficient ways to solve a problem faster than others.

This allows people to play fluid roles away from the designation/title.

[5] Build communities

There are three ways you can build communities:

-Help people generate economic activity to make them financially empowered.

-Teach skills, help them launch careers and grow their business.

-Deepen the commitment and prove your actions match your words.

[6] Use challenges as motivation

Challenges should get you out of bed.

Adapt to being "uncomfortably exciting" to solve the problems of the masses.

Challenges should be the driving force to network and grow your business.

[7] Long term focus

Focus on the long-term interest of the company & users.

Don’t rely on quarterly bets & avoid getting influenced by the opportunities that benefit only for the short term.

Have faith in how the future can be better with the advancements in technology.

[8] Get better with feedback

Work on the aspects people raise their fingers on.

Provide privacy of data and be transparent about how you use the information.

Challenge the notion that a product needs more data to be helpful to protect user integrity.

[9] Adaptability for greater interest

Work towards the company's mission even with shifting designation or roles.

Give preference to the greater interest of the company by keeping aside personal interests.

[10] Keep climate preservation at the core

Google is the first organization to achieve 100% renewable energy two years in a row.

Become energy efficient & adapt ways to manage the interest of the environment.

The Planet Earth community is the biggest & most important of all.

That’s a wrap. 

If you like this post follow Raj Shamani for more such posts on startups, entrepreneurship, content creation, and more. 

#startups #entrepreneurship #figuringout  #rajshamani
        

Kon Hai Yeh Log Kha Se Aate Hai Ye Log 😂😂😂


Drop your comment below 👇👇


And Don't forget to follow Aakash Verma for more such memes😅


#array #memes #lol #haha #comedy #dailymemes #computer #programming
        

I am happy to share with you all that I have achieved Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email Specialist certification.
Thanks to all those who assisted me in achieving my first Salesforce certification.

#salesforcemarketingcloud #salesforcecertified
        

239 followers

Pursuing MSc International Business

I would like to announce that I quit working with/for Würth Business Services on 29th July'22 in order to pursue my Masters.

Being my first corporate job, I have learnt a lot at the company. Firstly, I thank Würth Business Services for giving me the opportunity to contribute to the growth of the company during my tenure.

Secondly, I would like to thank my TL Anushree Pradhan for being understanding and approachable all the time and my teammates Urvija Thakurdesai Rama Haridas Saee Shaligram Srishti upadhyay Aayush Thorve Yugandhara Dabhole Siddhi Upadhyay and Aishwarya Purohit for being very accommodating and helpful. You all have a special place in my heart.❤
Madhura Joshi Although we belonged to different teams, you have been a great back up, I thank you for that. 😊

Thirdly, I would also like to thank Würth Industrie Service GmbH & Co. KG (Personal abteilung) and Würth Belux (official) for all the trainings given to me and entrusting me with your processes. Hope to visit you all soon!! 🤞🏽

Lastly, I would like to thank Norman Dentel for providing his guidance and support when requested. Your initiative helped break a common stereotype about the CEOs not being available to the lower level managements. Highly admirable!

Thank you all once again! 🤗


 #Wuerthfam #BeWuerthLike

It was great knowing you. Will plan and find the mafia again :P Good Luck YG!

CEO- Wuerth Industrial Services India Pvt. Ltd. Lecturer - HTWG Konstanz (University of Applied Sciences)

Thank you Yugandhara Gaikwad and all the best with your further studies! You are always welcome to pass by over a chai!

Finance executive

Wishing you all the very best for your future endeavours. Hope to see you soon 😀

German Translator | M.A. in German Studies

Wish you all the best for all your future endeavours Yugandhara! Thank you for being an awesome colleague! 🎉

German Translator | Francophone in training

Wish you all the best for all your future endeavors Yugandhara! Stay awesome as you always are!

Buyer of Connectivity commodity at SAVW - A Volkswagen Group company | Ex-Wuerth || VIIT Alum || People person || Views expressed are Personal

Yugandhara, all the best for your studies !

Jr. Logistics Executive at Würth Business Services

All the best Yugandhara! 

Product Owner @ Fincite | Master Student @ RWTH Business School | FinTech | Data Analytics | Decision Science

I feel elated to announce that I have started working full time with Fincite as a Product Owner from August 2022. 

I joined Fincite a year ago as an intern, and ever since then, I have felt that I was a part of a company which believes in growth mindset and thought leadership, which made the decision to continue with them, a very simple one. 

A big thanks to the management team of Fincite, who believed in me and a bigger thanks to all my colleagues, who supported me in this endeavour.

Fincite empowers people in making intelligent financial decisions by providing the best in class WealthTech software. We aim to revolutionise the digital investing world through our innovative products which in turn benefit retail investors.

#fincite #wealthmanagement #assetmanagement #fintech #wealthtech #wealthadvisory #digitalinvestments #crypto #defi #onboarding #advice #investment #ordering #reporting #esg #esginvesting

Linkedin Top Voice

Two interns just joined us. They are from the same school, same neighborhood, and similar grades. 

I asked them a question. One answered "Huh? I am just an intern." The other said, "I'll find out." 

Never be limited by your title or by what you do not know. 

It's the difference between leaving a great impression and being forgettable. 

It's the difference between "Huh" and "I'll find out".

 Attitude matters.

Founder of Mindvalley | NY Times Best-Selling Author | Creator of the 6 Phase Meditation | Founder of Mindvalley University, A-Fest, Co-Founder of Lifebook

If I could go back in my back in time and kick myself in the butt for my three biggest business mistakes it would be these...

If you're an entrepreneur, I hope you find this useful. Here goes:

1) NOT HIRING SOONER

For the first year of running Mindvalley, I didn't hire anyone because I wanted to save money. 

I thought if I hired employees, they were gonna suck me dry. I'd been losing profit margins, and so I was overly careful about cash. 

As a result, for the first year I had zero employees, but guess what? 

I was wasting time doing things that would have been so much cheaper to pay someone else to do. I was so concerned about money and budgeting. I wasn't thinking straight. That was the first mistake. 

2) NOT LOOKING INTO AUTOMATION 

If you want to grow a business, I know it's so much easier to automate large sections of your business. 

Anyone can learn the basics of automation, where you can use no-code software like Airtable, or any number of new AI tools to automate tasks that in the past you would need people to do. 

The third mistake must have cost me millions of dollars...

3) PREPARING AND NEGOTIATING AGREEMENTS

So when I first started my business, I didn't have faith in myself as an entrepreneur. I doubted myself because I was a computer programmer. 

I'd never taken a business class. 

I've never gone to business school. 

So I brought in a partner who did have a business degree, and he asked for a large chunk of the business, and rather than create a big performance plan, or pay him a salary, I said yes, and I gave away a massive amount of my business - almost half. 

I had to buy back those shares for millions upon millions of dollars. It costs me a lot. It put me in debt. And all because I doubted myself and didn't know how to create proper agreements. 

So yeah, knowing when and how to say no and when to say yes... would be the third.

Those three mistakes - if you can avoid them, it can make a massive impact on growing your business. 

In the past couple of years, I've been supplementing Mindvalley's training curriculum with a whole new wing- entrepreneurship.

We now have a huge suite of programs with top business luminaries and entrepreneurs such as Naveen Jain, Verne Harnish, Miki Agrawal, Cameron Herold, Keith Ferrazzi, and more...

But I'm curious to hear from you...

What's the biggest business mistake you've made? 

Let me know in the comments...(and maybe save others from doing the same)

#entrepreneurship #hiring #business

Agar aap sapne dekhoge nahi, toh sapne poore kaise honge?

I usually sleep like a baby on flights but this time, my eyes were wide awake. I was so nervous and excited that my dream was finally coming true. We have been working on this project for the last 10 years, and are finally one step closer to India’s own Silicon Valley… 

I am proud to share with you all that we are making one of the biggest investments in the heart of high-tech India worth ₹1.54 lac crores! Our team at Vedanta will be setting up the country's first-ever semiconductor and display glass plant in Gujarat.

A lot of you may already know what semiconductors are. I like to think of them as the brain of our electronics. They are present everywhere - in your TVs, laptops, automobiles, ACs, and your favourite smartphones. They truly are the new “oil” of our fast-moving digital economy. 

And soon, you will be able to afford them at half the price! 

By producing such tech in India, we will open the door to millions of indirect jobs. Our startups and entrepreneurs can use these chips as raw materials to produce their electronics - bringing down costs and making them affordable for every citizen of our country. 

I want nothing more than to see our youth, especially our women, and their talent shine through the right resources and infrastructure. This movement will soon take our Indians from job seekers to job creators… 

As an entrepreneur, these things cannot happen unless you have the blessings of the cosmos where everyone comes together to make it a success. My heartfelt gratitude goes to our Prime Minister Modi ji for his vision of an Atmanirbhar Digital India, and CM Bhupendra Rajnikant Patel and Union IT Minister Shri Ashwini Vaishnaw for their support in tying things up so quickly. 

This is India’s moment. We are the land of opportunity and I invite all youngsters to shoot for the stars…let’s go from being chip takers to chip makers. 

Vedanta Resources Limited Akarsh Hebbar

Manager, ANU Careers | Higher Education Careers and Professional Development

Cultural and organisational change are always challenging. This simple model offers one explanation as to why involving too many people in a project can often slow things down. #culturechange #projectmanagement # #organisationalchange

Org Design; Culture Change; Leadership Development; Co-owner at August Public

Wondering why decision-making or communication is hard on a given project? Remember Brooks law: adding people to a project running late will only make it run later

Keep your teams small folks.

Helping people learn effectively | Instructional Designer | UX Designer | Game Designer

I'm so grateful to receive Gold in the Best Use of Games in Learning category at this year's Brandon Hall Awards for a training that I designed and developed.

I have always believed that learning through play is the most natural form of learning, so it feels great to be in a company where I can create effective and engaging learning experiences. Thanks to Binay J for believing in me and my vision.

Special thanks to the incredible illustrator Krutika Raju and the amazing animators Arun Karikalan and Siddharth Sinha who were absolutely crucial to this project's success. I had the most fun working on this project thanks to this team.

 #abinbev #upscale #bhgawards 

236,446 followers

AB InBev wins again! We have two wins at the 2022 Brandon Hall Group HCM Excellence Awards.  

AB InBev GCC won the coveted Brandon Hall Group Gold award for excellence in the “Best Use of Games or Simulations in Learning” category and the Brandon Hall Group Silver award for excellence in the “Best Advance in Compliance Training” category.

These wins were a collaboration between the Global Security and Compliance Awareness team and the UpscAle Learning Design & Tech team. Our wins demonstrate the strength of our vision to enable a culture of continuous learning and growth.

A huge shoutout to the teams! Learn more here: https://lnkd.in/d3DaWcwf

#ABInBev #ABInBevGCC #Awards2022 #Innovation #FutureWithMoreCheers

Founder of Ajna Center for Learning | Spiritual Psychologist | Cellular Alchemist and Life Coach | Heading Weikfield CSR activity, MWF Initiative

Vote for my podcast and listen to it too!

To vote please click on the link below:
https://lnkd.in/dtHDBH6v

Under Wellbeing, in the search field, please choose The Cellular Alchemist and give us your vote. 

My #mission is to help people of every age, ethnicity, and gender, discover the power of choice in their lives so that they can touch the field of #consciousness and #light within themselves.  

You'll find out why when you listen, so watch this space for more. 

In the meantime, catch up on episodes you've missed here:
https://lnkd.in/dRbhV4_c

Most popular self-help podcasts in #India. 

Much obliged and grateful for the support.

#bestwellbeingpodcast #voteforme #podcastindia #wellbeing #ritumalhotra #thecellularalchemist

I am a Creator turned Entrepreneur who is helping other creators build consumer brands | Host: Figuring Out (India’s No.1 Entrepreneurship Podcast) 100 Million+ podcast views

Sundar Pichai is worth $1.51 billions.

He shared everything in his Google letters of how he did it for 7 years along with Sergey Brin & Larry Page. 

I read 10,000 words so you don't need to. Here are 10 lessons everyone should know:

[1] User experience is everything

Focus on helping the users in moments that are both big and small.

Provide holistic development so that they get healthy, happy, skilled, and successful with your product.

[2] Using technology to solve the most urgent problems

AI advancements and Machine Learning can transform the way we solve societal problems.

This technology can be used for social causes such as early detection of cancer.

Get better with the changing technology.

[3] Being inclusive

Your products should keep everyone's interest in mind. 

Your company culture should thrive on inclusivity and fair opportunities.

[4] Creativity is a success

The only way to mature and evolve a company is to get creative.

Find newer and more efficient ways to solve a problem faster than others.

This allows people to play fluid roles away from the designation/title.

[5] Build communities

There are three ways you can build communities:

-Help people generate economic activity to make them financially empowered.

-Teach skills, help them launch careers and grow their business.

-Deepen the commitment and prove your actions match your words.

[6] Use challenges as motivation

Challenges should get you out of bed.

Adapt to being "uncomfortably exciting" to solve the problems of the masses.

Challenges should be the driving force to network and grow your business.

[7] Long term focus

Focus on the long-term interest of the company & users.

Don’t rely on quarterly bets & avoid getting influenced by the opportunities that benefit only for the short term.

Have faith in how the future can be better with the advancements in technology.

[8] Get better with feedback

Work on the aspects people raise their fingers on.

Provide privacy of data and be transparent about how you use the information.

Challenge the notion that a product needs more data to be helpful to protect user integrity.

[9] Adaptability for greater interest

Work towards the company's mission even with shifting designation or roles.

Give preference to the greater interest of the company by keeping aside personal interests.

[10] Keep climate preservation at the core

Google is the first organization to achieve 100% renewable energy two years in a row.

Become energy efficient & adapt ways to manage the interest of the environment.

The Planet Earth community is the biggest & most important of all.

That’s a wrap. 

If you like this post follow Raj Shamani for more such posts on startups, entrepreneurship, content creation, and more. 

#startups #entrepreneurship #figuringout  #rajshamani

Excel Expert || Accounts Executive || LinkedIn Influencer || Learner || 33 k + Linkdin Family || 25 Millions + Content Impressions 🐅 || Open For Collaboration & Paid Promotion

Kon Hai Yeh Log Kha Se Aate Hai Ye Log 😂😂😂


Drop your comment below 👇👇


And Don't forget to follow Aakash Verma for more such memes😅


#array #memes #lol #haha #comedy #dailymemes #computer #programming

1x Salesforce certified | SFMC | Campaign Specialist | Automation Studio | QA Analysis

I am happy to share with you all that I have achieved Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email Specialist certification.
Thanks to all those who assisted me in achieving my first Salesforce certification.

#salesforcemarketingcloud #salesforcecertified

