𝗜𝘁 𝗶𝘀 𝗹𝗶𝗸𝗲𝗹𝘆 𝗮 𝘀𝗰𝗮𝗺 𝗶𝗳:
1) You receive an offer for a job for which you have not applied;
2) You receive a job offer by email;
3) You are asked to deposit money into a third party’s bank account to apply for your U.S. visa;
4) You are asked for your bank account details by email or phone;
5)You are asked to get in touch with a named contact in an American Embassy or visa department;
6) You are offered cash in exchange for bank account details;
7) You are told you have won a lottery, but you have not bought a ticket.

क्या आप जानते है कि कोई आपको कनाडा में नौकरी या वीज़ा की गारंटी नहीं दे सकता? अगर कोई एजेंट ऐसा दावा करता है तो धोखे से बचे और इसकी रिपोर्ट स्थानीय पुलिस स्टेशन में एफ. आई. आर. करवा के करें।

#Agniveer recruitment in Jammu and Kashmir and two districts of #Ladakh is being conducted by ARO Srinagar at Haiderbeig, Pattan. Candidates from Bandipora district of J&K participated in the rally: PRO (Defence) Srinagar

TRP Scam! #TRPSCAM
NewsSting cartoon

#MarketsWithMC | Did you apply for Burger King's IPO? 📈 Here's how investors can check their allotment status.
#BurgerKing #BurgerKingIPO #BurgerKingIndia #IPO #StockMarket

Another Scam? 🤔

LIST OF CONTAINMENT ZONES IN KAMRUP METROPOLITAN DISTRICT AS ON 12th JUNE 2020 TILL 12 PM.
Swipe left for the list
.
.
.
.
#IndiaFightsCorona
#AssamCares #Guwahati #covid19 #guwahati #kamrup #tnec #news @ Assam

This cartoon was done six years ago, when Gujarat CM Narendra Modi called PM Dr. Manmohan Singh, the NIGHT WATCHMAN! #MainBhiChowkidar

Join Whatsapp Groups

Tushar Panchal from Rajkot, Gujarat talks about the benefits of Refer & Earn Program and explains why Refer & Earn is one of the best features of Meesho.
#Meesho #ReferAndEarnProgram #TopReferrer

I loved the movie “The Wolf of Wall street”. Can’t call it one of Scorsese’s classics but will certainly rate it as one of the better movies that released recently. The true story about Jordan Belfort, a stock broker who once ruled the wallstreet. . The Wolf of Wall street grossed $266,235,000 worldwide, yeah that much.

As I was watching the movie, I was immediately reminded of our desi wolf “Harshad Mehta”.
But then I figured out that there is something wrong with our movies
Read on - http://thefrustratedindian.com/…/101-the-wolf-of-dalal-stre…

Anand Kumar brother of Mayawati & Kapil Mishra 20 year old Son of Satish Mishra BSP Leader & right hand of Mayawati, came together in 2007 to form dozens of scandalous companies to hide the scam money. Dr Kirit Somaiya BJP National Secretary & Chairman of Scam Expose Committee released the list & documents of 125 companies of this group, hiding thousands of crores. Dr Somaiya stated that the total number of benami & scandalous companies of Anand Kumar Group likely to cross 300 covering scam of Rs 10,000 crores.

Seven dairy stocks surged 50% in the last four months: https://www.moneycontrol.com/…/donald-trump-again-pushes-un…

Alerting a huge fraud of over Rs.1 Lakh crores by India Bulls Group, BJP leader Subramanian Swamy urged PM Modi to institute a Special Investigation Team of CBI, ED, SFIO &IT officials to probe into 14-year-old long money laundering by siphoning the funds of National Housing Bank

No beef for tigers- Assam BJP leader.
Gulf News cartoon #MakeInIndia

BJP uses magicians in Gujarat campaigns!
Sify cartoon #GujaratElections

The global economy might be heading for recession, but political opportunists will still blame PM Modi!

How long will West Bengal bleed?
Your vote can make the difference!

The Indian rupee has become Asia's best-performing currency!

By clicking Agree & Join, you agree to the LinkedIn User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

Already on Linkedin? Sign in

Title of this short note is an unusual, however the subject of the matter is not, spare your precious FIVE minutes and you will understand.

Part 1:

I was browsing old traditional Navratri/Garba songs during the weekend just to cheer up myself due to very depressing current environment as no outing and specially Garba.  Anyhow, while playing the songs, some new songs also came in playlists with huge view count.

Many of this new Gujarati songs were based on only one theme.. i.e. alcohol, wine, drinks etc. Its usual to have this kind of songs in the Bollywood but this trend is quite unusual in Gujarati entertainment industry because Gujarat is a dry state and its illegal to buy and consume alcohol for Indians. Foreigners and people with drink permit can consume although.

Part 2:

Just two weeks back I watched this series Scam 92 based on Harshad Mehta stock market scam. Although, I knew the scam closely as I was doing my article ship/internship during that time and kept updated myself through newspaper etc However, it was not a scam theoretically speaking because he manipulated the stock market with the help of various operators to take the shell companies share prices higher and higher. He did not take any money from banks and ran away also how he manipulated the market with rolling the money market finances which was a well-established practise at that time but he got caught and rest is history.

 

Part 3 and conclusion...

Today if you observe the Indian stock market and compare with that of 90’s era, the major characteristics are still the same. There was no real growth back then, but market went high and high so as now.

Huge part of the service sector, airline, tourism, transport, construction, F&B, malls etc are still struggling in fact on the verge of closer with high fixed cost and BTW this is not just the result of COVID19, it’s a continuation from 2016 due to reckless implementation demonetisation & GST, thrusting LTCG tax without consulting with the retail investors and institution,  bringing new rules in companies Act and making it a criminal offence.  The worst of the thing which I observed was overnight locked down of the 1.3 billion people without simple planning of managing the migrant labor problem who most of them survive with hand to mouth income.

So, what is the relationship with part 1 and part 2?  Well, to make Gujarati song and video super-hit, show the alcohol even if it’s not available audience will like that and to make the market high just saw the citizens $5 trillion GDP dream even if it’s not achievable by the current Govt, people will still buy, however end result is not going to be different from 92 event!

To view or add a comment, sign in
To view or add a comment, sign in

CEO - IIFL Securities , Retail Broking

The big announcement amidst all the stock market chaos was that CDSL had crossed 6 crore demat accounts for the first time. What is more gratifying is that the last 1 crore journey from 5 crore demat accounts to 6 crore demat accounts happened in just 3 months flat. Is it a good sign that demat accounts are proliferating when the markets are so chaotic?
 
Actually, it is a good thing and CDSL must be commended for keeping up its client acquisition tempo in the midst of the market chaos. Equities are for the long term and over the longer term they have proven to be the best asset class for risk-adjusted returns. Just look at the 600-fold appreciation in Sensex over the last 42 years.
 
Let us put the numbers in perspective. CDSL has 6 crore demat accounts and NSDL has 3 crore. For a moment let us overlook the fact that there would be substantial duplication. For a country with a population of 140 crore, we are at about 6-7% penetration. There is still a long way to go.
 
One interesting data point is that most of the recent demat accounts that have been opened in India are from the semi-urban and rural locations. There is no better way to help people in smaller towns participate in the equity cult, than ensuring that the demat accounts proliferate. 
 
Over the last 30 years, the market has gone through several scams and crises ranging from the 1992 scam to the IPO mania of 1995-96 to the technology bubble and much later the global financial crisis and COVID-19. Through all these events, the equity markets have not only emerged unscathed but wiser and more valuable.
 
The best way to participate in this amazing India equity story is by opening a demat account. That is where it all begins.
#stockmarket #markets #CDSL

@smallcase.Ex-Sharekhan,Motilal Oswal,Edelweiss.| Angel Investor

There are some games which you win by just showing up and investing is one such, where mere participation does the trick.

Helps people to compound their wealth through equity investing.

Yes, It's just the beginning.

To view or add a comment, sign in

Fun is something that makes all of us go around and forget our worries. And it is the same for other beings otherwise how would you explain a fully grown up duck to join a run of humans. 

It’s clear that we have to, and should share all joys together with everone around.

When you have a big sister or brother you can be sure of having a mother or father figure around who will do anything to put you out of harm’s way & bring a smile on your face. 

For them, younger siblings are just like their kids and that fills them with parental instincts.

Eagle is always regarded as a symbol of success and soaring heights.

Here are a few leadership lessons from an eagle that you might need to implement in your journey right now.

==Your challenges are your opportunities
Eagles love storms. When the storm comes, they soar higher because the wind lifts their wings and help them fly with less effort.
When they have challenges, great leaders use them to come through as stronger leaders.

==Focusing is a strength
Eagles can focus on prey even if it is 5km away despite any other obstacles that come between.
As a leader, learn to focus on a thing until you achieve it.

==Get out of your comfort zone
Eagles make their nest uncomfortable by removing the soft grass and feathers so that the baby birds ultimately are forced to leave the nest and fly.
Growth happens only if you leave your comfort zones.

==Sometimes you need to unlearn things to do better.
When eagle grows old, they migrate to mountains and shed off their feathers and breaks their beak and claw which has grown old. They turn into living ghosts for some time only to regrow new feathers, beak and claws and then they are back into the skies.
As leaders, sometimes you have to reject your own old systems and learnings, to give way to newer and better methods.

==Keep the past in the past
Eagles feed on fresh prey, not dead animals.
A great leader doesn’t carry the baggage of the past to the present or future.

--Keep good company
Eagles fly alone in the heights. Not with sparrows or other small birds.
If you want to be a good leader, be with people who inspire you to be one.

Which of these lessons do you resonate more with?

I can say that out of 365 days, I manage to do yoga on at least 300 days.
-Narendra Modi

On his 72nd birthday, fitness levels of the Prime Minister is an absolute lesson for all to follow.
He is also known to follow a good diet and 5 hours sleep meticulously.
He also leads a very disciplined life that helps him achieve his goals.

What are the other life lessons you can draw from Modi?
Here we go.

==Communication skills
His oratory skills have been on display while he addressed the nation digitally as well as he makes speeches when he visits other countries.
This is a definite skill that can help everyone in any path of life.

==Strong Determination
Modi come from humble upbringings and made his way to Chief Minister and then the prime minister with his willpower.
In life, where there is a will, there is always a way. Very cliché saying. But nothing can be truer.

==Digital skills
Modi is known for his obsession with digital infrastructure. He also is a big believer in a digital India and make sure that he maintains an active digital presence every time.
In the 21st century digital skills are part of the game if you are looking forward to make the most of it.

==Keep humility
Despite his affluent growth in politics, Modi keeps his humility in his beginning close to him.
In life, whatever success you have made, it is important to be grounded if you are to make it huge.

It is disheartening that the whole world is going to miss that beautiful game Federer put on sight all these years.
Roger Federer has announced his retirement from top-level tennis after the Laver Cup in London this month.
A great loss for Tennis. A great loss for the Sports world in general.

Federer is more a brand than a sportsman for all.
As Federer leaves the active court after all these years of the dedicated game business, let us look at some lessons he leaves for any entrepreneur out there.

==Have Priorities
Federer played longer than any sportsmen out there because he always prioritised his health over certain wins.
As an entrepreneur, define your priorities and work towards that rather than going behind every shiny object.

==Competition is your friend
Federer is often more looked upon when he plays with his rivals like Rafael Nadal. Their competition brought the best out of both of them.
As business owners, don’t be afraid of the competition. Treat them like your catalysts for growth.

==Take breaks but come back
Federer has taken breaks in his career but always made it a point to return as rejuvenated.
In business, it is ok for to take breaks and slow down. But always return with the best in stock.

What are your favourite Federer lessons?

My first impression was
“What a genius child! How fast and accurate she is!”

Well soon I realized, the child did the best because she was well trained by an able teacher.
The teacher has passed on the concept of solving equations very logically and the child has clearly understood and reciprocated with practice.

A child’s mind is like a blank canvas.
It is in the hands of their caretaker that what can be made out of that canvas.

I wish more children got great teachers like this to learn numbers and get financial literacy.
We rarely teach finances at schools or when our children are young.
But with proper teaching and subsequent training, there are many possibilities to make them aware of it.

It is high time we take such initiatives as responsible adults.

During the construction of an irrigation canal, an upstream contractor reported that a dog had been swept away.

In a world where a human does not think for a second before harming another human or any living being, there are a few who actually go out of their way and offer selfless services for any cause that is in real sense humanitarian. 

Let us try and be more like these heroes.

A brave unnamed construction worker who rides and successfully rescues👏👏👏

One of the hardest tasks is to fulfil “extraordinary” demands of kids. As they say, to ask for moon. 

Kids often tend to get everything for themselves and not share with others. Parents have to take special care that their child learns about caring, sharing, and teamwork.

Rest in Peace Queen Elizabeth II.

As the longest-reigned monarch of British history fades away, Queen leaves a lot of lessons of resilience and strength to her successors and the people in general.

Queen, even at the age of 90s is known to have carried out her role to the best of her ability taking 40hrs work still.
Her resilience and graceful ageing are not only attributed to her genetics but also to her personal strength.

Last year was recorded as one of the most tumultuous times for the monarchy.
With Queen’s health issues that followed her Covid recovery and the royal family scandals like Prince Andrew's settlement with his sexual assault accuser and an investigation into Prince Charles' charity following cash-for-honours allegation, last year was stressful to the core.

But Queen Elizabeth recalls one of the lessons from her own Queen Mother has helped her in every testing times.
The lesson is to always look at the positive in every occasion.
Queen Elizabeth has followed it diligently throughout and that has helped her to not shrink with the stress in many testing times.

She placed duty first and boldly faced whatever life threw at her boldly.
Queen Elizabeth has always won in projecting that positive image for the outside world all throughout her reign.

The only way forward, if we are going to improve the quality of the environment, is to get everybody involved.
--Richard Rogers

And to get everybody involved, there isn’t another way than to make everyone environment literate.
On this International Literacy Day, let us also remind you of the need for environmental literacy to be included in our literacy and education programs at least now.
Unlike before, today none needs an introduction about the need for environmental conservation. Climate change, disasters, increased water levels in oceans etc are all self-evident that the environmental havoc is progressing way faster than we thought.

Recently Orissa Environmental Society (OES) endorsed the theme ‘Emphasis on environment education in the new education policy. And not only education in schools, but the need for environmental literacy also has to be deployed to society at large.

Especially because there are many small steps everyone can take toward environmental conservation. From using less plastic to building biogas plants at home, there are many things an averagely environment literate person can do.

So even if we can read, write and understand things now, let us not stop at that as a society. It is time to explore new literacy avenues like environmental literacy.

36,180 followers

Harshad Mehta was born on 29 July, 1954 at Rajkot, Gujarat. A cricket enthusiast, Mehta did not show any special promise in school and came to Bombay after his schooling for studies and to find work. Mehta completed his B.Com in 1976 from Lajpatrai college Bombay and worked a number of odd jobs for the next eight year.

He worked at companies like New India Assurance, P Ambalal, PD Shukla, JL Shah, and Nandala Seth.

In 1984, he along with his brother started his own company named “Grow More Research and Asset Management”.

He did lobbying of shares.

To understand it better let’s say he started creating artificial demand of share in the market. Manipulating the stock to increase the prices tremendously.

This is done by using tipping strategy in the market.

Let’s understand better with an example.

Harshad Mehta circulated a message with help of different agencies that stock XYZ is a buy at the price of Rs. 1000 and the target price is Rs. 2200.

We would normally ignore such messages knowing that it is fake. But the Mehta used to invest huge funds into this XYZ Company and try creating a artificial demand of this particular stock.

As per normal economics when demand increases and supply remains constant, automatically the prices start increasing. The prices start increasing from Rs. 1000 to Rs. 1500, 1700.

Now it is obvious we will try to get into this stock seeing the increase in the price.

People would invest at a level where Mehta is about to withdraw the funds by selling the shares.

Let’s say he withdrew at a rate of Rs. 2000, people would invest now thinking it will reach 2200. As Mehta sells a large number of shares directly impacting the prices and the price falls tremendously.

This way he earned a huge amount of money.

From the example itself it is clear he made investment at Rs.1000 and sold that at Rs. 2000, simply making it 2 times of the investment.

He invested in different companies and to name some – Apollo tyres, Reliance, Tata Iron and Steel, BPL, Videocon, ACC.

When he invested in ACC the share price went from Rs. 200 to Rs. 9000

If we simply calculate it is 4500% return. Just imagine the amount of money he made doing this.

He created a trustworthy image in the market and was also known as Amitabh Bachchan of stock market.

He was one of the biggest Indian Tax Payer.

The instruments that he used to execute all this were:

1)  Ready Forward Deal (RFD)

2)  Bank Receipts (BR)

Let’s first understand these terms:

RFD – It is a secured short term loan which is given from one bank to another.

BR – It refers to a receipt issued by the lending bank to the borrowing bank on receiving the securities and lending money in exchange of that.

Harshad Mehta was the broker in between the different banks.

Bank B required funds so it decided to sell government securities to the broker.

Now the broker went to Bank A and received funds in his name and promising to get the securities.

He kept both the securities and the money with him too and presented a fake Bank Receipt to Bank B promising to pay.

Same way he approached Bank C and Bank D.

Issued fake bank receipts when needed. 

This way he kept on expanding the ready forward deal chain series.

The Bank Receipts confirms the sale of securities and states that the securities are held by the seller in trust of the buyer. It also acts as a receipt for the received funds by the selling bank.

The Bank of Karad (BOK) and Mumbai Mercantile Co-operative bank (MCB) had helped him issuing fake receipts for the same.

This kept on expanding and fake receipts were issued on a very large scale.

As he was one of the highest tax payer so he had manipulating power over BSE as well.

As per the RBI norms the lending bank should always issue the funds in the name of borrower bank but it didn’t happen. The funds were issued in the name of Harshad Mehta.

This kept on going until 23rd April, 1993 when a journalist Sucheta Dalal went into deep research about the same and exposed the Mehta scam. She did a background study about the tremendous increase in share price in the market and wrote a column in TOI.

Her article proved “Pen is mightier than sword”.

The financial scandal valued around Rs. 5000 crore in total.

Key weaknesses of the case:

1)  The loopholes in the banking system.

2)  BSE transaction system.

3)  SEBI introduced new rules to cover the loopholes in the existing ones.

On 31st Dec 2001, Harshad Mehta died while being into the custody.

Here is a list of 28 mind-blowing movies for stock market enthusiasts to watch

1. Trading Places (1983) -- Stock Trading Movie

2. Billion Dollar Day (1985) - Documentary

3. Wall Street (1987) -- Stock Market Fiction

4. Glengarry Glen Ross (1992) -- Finance Fiction

5. Barbarians at the Gate (1993) -- True Story

6. Rogue Trader (1999) – Stock Trading Movie -- True Story

7. Boiler Room (2000) – Stock Market Fiction

8. The Corporation (2003) -- Finance Documentary

9. Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room (2005)

10. Baazaar (2018) - Fiction (Hindi)

11. Wall Street Warriors (2006) -- Wall Street Documentary

12. The Ascent of Money (2008) -- Finance Documentary

13. Million Dollar Traders (2009)

14. Capitalism: A Love Story (2009) -- Finance Documentary

15. Floored (2009) -- Stock Trading Documentary

16. Freakonomics (2010) -- Finance Documentary

17. Chasing Madoff (2010) Stock Market Scam, True Story

18. Margin Call (2011) – Stock Trading Fiction

19. Inside Job (2011) – Financial Crisis 2008, Finance Movie

20. Too Big to Fail (2011) – Documentary, Finance Movie

21.Wall Street – Money Never Sleeps (2011) -- Stock Market Fiction

22. Arbitrage (2012) -- Finance Fiction

23. The Wolf of Wall Street (2013) – True Story -- Stock Market Movie ( BIT ADULT MOVIE)

24. The Big Short (2015) – Financial Crisis -- Stock Market Movie

25. Equity (2016) -- Financial Thriller

26. Money Monster (2016) - Stock Market Thriller

27. Banking On Bitcoin (2017) – Financial Markets Documentary

28. The China Hustle (2018) – Finance & Trade Documentary

Similar Article : “Bombay bull” or “Pied Piper of the Dalal street”, BPL, How Harshad Mehta did it again, Sterlite and Videocon: The Harshad link, Harshad Mehta: From Pied Piper of the markets to India's best-known scamster

Special thanks to Pooja Yadav in compiling this article. Hope you all liked reading it. Feedback will be appreciated. Thank You!

Articles & Case study on Value Investing : Jet Airways, VHL, Dhunseri Investments, NBI Finance, Ponni Sugars(Erode), Lupin, Crude Oil!

Case Study on Options : Techno - Derivatives, Effective Option Trading

Connect on my Facebook Page : Varun Aggarwal

Free Telegram Channel for updates : Link

YouTube : Channel

Twitter : Link

Your feedback is important, don't forget!

Associate I ,@ Nucleus Advisors / Risk Advisory & Assurance Dept

Remember the name🔥

#adaniwilmar #sharemarket 

Internal Auditor at BSR CO.LLP

💯

Trying to figure out how to get soup through a fork.You add value or humor, I try to add both. Also, love marketing.

If things go downhill, don't worry. You always have the education system to blame. 

Most of us got interest in stock market because of this man. Gone to soon sir🙏
End of an era
Rip🙏📉

#bigbull #rakeshjhunjhunwala 

10Mn Views | Life & Personal Coach | Youtuber 52k+ | 22k+ LinkedIn

Are you fed up with chasing client for data - Watch this 😂 Follow Yogesh Verma 

Most embarassing moment,
When client asks about your salary :(

#caarticleship #caaspirants 

Do you know why we will never get Indian CA Firms In Global Big 8 - 

Because of the thinking of ICAI and its members - here is the perfect example

I asked ICAI person a long time back, why you don't remove Articleship requirement from CA course and put work experience instead of Articleship.

His reply was - then how would CA Firms get their work done at low cost, who will stick there.

When your mentality is to trap people to work in pathetic environment instead of pushing firms to upgrade their standards so people/staff will be willing join their offices - till then we will not see any Indian Firm in Global Big 8 firms.

#icai #cafirm #cajobs #articleship 

And
Monday vibes
started 📉
 
#weekend 

Today, that uncle is the happiest person,

who was advocating FD returns over crypto and stocks. 📈📉

#crypto #stockmarket 

Every CA student :

#caaspirants 

𝗕𝗜𝗚𝗚𝗘𝗦𝗧 𝗕𝗔𝗡𝗞𝗜𝗡𝗚 𝗙𝗥𝗔𝗨𝗗 𝗢𝗙  𝟮𝟮,𝟴𝟰𝟮 𝗖𝗥𝗢𝗥𝗘𝗦

♦️The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has booked Gujarat based ABG Shipyard Limited, its directors and others for allegedly causing a loss of 22,842 crore to a consortium of 28 banks. It is the biggest ever case of bank fraud registered by the agency (bigger than Punjab National Bank scam involving Nirav Modi and Mehul Choksi)

♦️ ABG Shipyard, a flagship company of the ABG Group, is in  business of ship building and repair. Promoted by Mr. Rishi Agarwal, it is a major player in the Indian ship building industry .

♦️ Its shipyards are located at Dahej and Surat in Gujarat. The company has the capacity to build vessels up to 18,000 weight tonnage at the Surat shipyard and 1.20-lakh dead weight tonnage at the Dahej unit.

♦️Along with the firm, which is into ship building and repair, its Directors Rishi Agarwal, Santhanam Muthuswamy and Ashwini Kumar, Sushil Kumar Agarwal, Ravi Vimal Neveti ABG International Private Limited have also been name accused in the case.

♦️According to the complaint filed by the State Bank of India (CBI) in the matter, the total exposure of 28 banks and financial institutions as on date is 22,842 crore, out of which the ABG owes highest amount - 7,089 crore to the ICICI Bank, 3,639 crore to IDBI Bank, 2,925 crore to SBI, 1,614 crore to Bank of Baroda, 1,244 crore to Punjab National Bank and so on.

♦️The case has been registered on a complaint from the State Bank of India alleging criminal conspiracy cheating, criminal breach of trust and abuse of official position.

The alleged fraud came to light during a forensic audit of loan account's transactions from April 2012 to July 2011.

♦️According to the complaint lodged by the bank, the account was declared a fraud in June 2019. The account had become non-performing asset in July 2016 with effect from November 30, 2013.

♦️According to the FIR, the forensic audit revealed diversion of funds, misappropriation and criminal breach of trust.

The funds were allegedly used for unstated purposes, investments were made through a Singapore-based subsidiary and there were payouts running into hundreds crores to related parties. Properties were also bought from the funds provided by ABG Shipyard.

The auditor also detected evidence of circular transactions .The total fair market value of the securities provided by the company against the credit facilities was $8,608.35 crore said the FIR.


🤔 First crypto tax , then Russia-Ukraine crisis and now this , 2022 is becoming the nightmare for investors .

(Banks has already disclosed the fraud accounts in its books ).

#fraud #bankingindustry #investing #stockmarket #icicibank 

590 followers

Article Assistant at J.S.Dua & Co. | Ex- Young Engine Member

A great insight into Stock Market Bubbles that keep getting formed regularly.
#stockmarker #stockmarketbubble #scam #speculation

7,210 followers

The stock market can be very volatile, and sometimes, speculation can cause stock prices to move far from their true values causing stock market bubbles.

Read on to learn more about them!

#WealthDesk #WealthBaskets #stockmarket #investing #marketbubble

As they say, " No Work is too big or too small."
#work #deliveryboy #swiggy #occupation

Product Development Intern at Silver Oak health.

I have been working as a Swiggy Delivery Partner for quite some time now to support my education at Delhi University.

Perks?

- Easy money : 
Yes, you can focus on your education, gather exposure and earn money. All at the same time.

- Flexible work : 
You have a mandatory shift (of your choice) else you can login as per your convenience.

- Outdoorsy (subjective) : 
Well, being somebody who can't be kept on a couch, this job appeals to me like anything. I envied them during lockdown tbh.

- It's decent money! I keep my mom with me in Delhi (in a decent locality) and we live a decent lifestyle. Although, some credit goes to my mom's frugality here, you get the point.

Misconceptions :

- People mistreat them : 
I have never faced any misbehaviour from any party. I believe it also depends on your mindset.

- They don't make good money : 
Yes, surely they won't enter the race to be the next Ambanis or Tatas, but the remuneration is enough to sustain a decent lifestyle (not merely survive). Btw, the race to be the next Ambani's or Tata's thing, well! Correction there.

- They are burnt out : 
Yes, the work is physically exhausting, but you are not "burnt out". You are just tired. 

- They are Vagabonds : 
Contrary to popular belief, this job demands immense discipline and focus. Riding for 6 hours straight with responsibility towards the food you carry is easy, but demanding. This is no job for Vagabonds, you need a tough mind to carry this out.

Learnings :

- Patience and discipline : 
This job has made me gain a cathartic level of calmness. Manual physical labour has an uncanny way of making you feel alive. This calmness brings a level of patience in you like no other.

- Respect for others : 
Empathy is all I have developed after getting exposed to how tough life really is. Today I see a person working hard to make ends meet. I try my best to help them in my best capacity.

- Financial Frugality : 
Earning big and supporting family may offer you peace of mind, but earning just enough and supporting a dependent makes you feel like a true survivor. It inculcates a fighting spirit like no other.

- Adventure : 
It's no myth that we delivery partners regularly have close shaves with potential motor accidents. An occupational hazard perhaps. Stray dogs bark at you when you are the only one in a narrow street at midnight. The thugs of Delhi loiter at night, but they too respect you for your hard work.

- Street Smartness : 
Delivering food on time (there are no enforced targets) while navigating Delhi traffic without damaging the food item will make you street smart, anyday. Add to that, how you learn to let your eyes do the talking about negotiating parking spaces.

Why this post : 
High-achieving people know the value of this work but most other people see me with pity in Delhi (unlike Gujarat, where I come from). This job can transform your personality for the good.

These people are warriors. I will bow down to them, forever. My best experience!

Happy #doctorsday to all the Doctors, Nurses, Health workers and all those who were at Forefront during the Pandemic.
And Of Course Happy #charteredaccountantsday to all the CAs and CA Aspirants-Students #ca

A big news ...It can really change the whole Industry Scenario in Auditing and even Consultancy.
#big4 #big4split #audit #consultancyservices 
#ey #deloitte #kpmg #pwc

Business Analyst @ Evalueserve | Social Impact Consulting | Research, Analytics & Strategy

Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young is considering a worldwide split of its audit and advisory businesses amid regulatory scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest in the profession, according to people familiar with the matter.

Also, Deloitte reached out to investment bankers at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. after news broke of rival EY’s potential worldwide split, the people familiar with the matter said. Goldman and JPMorgan Chase & Co. are advising EY on its possible restructuring, the people said.

And now, two of the Big Four accounting firms, PWC and KPMG, are seen under pressure to evaluate the splitting of their consulting and audit businesses after their close rivals EY and Deloitte are said to be exploring such options.

Possible Reasons:
-> Regulators worldwide have been increasingly concerned about conflicts of interest—whether auditors, which are supposed to scrutinize a company’s books, will go easy on clients that buy lucrative consulting services from them.

Background: 
-> The idea of a Big Four split was first mentioned in a report by a UK Parliamentary Committee following the collapse of the construction group and government contractor Carillion in January 2020. 

-> Thereafter the UK accounting regulator had asked Big Four firms to split themselves up by 2024. The split was suggested to remove the conflict of interest. 

-> A conflict of interest arises in the first place as the auditor may not challenge the company's management since his/her audit firm may be engaged in better-paid advisory work for the same client, hence raising questions about his/her independence in carrying the audit assignment.

What are your thoughts on this?
Do comment below. 

#management #consulting #businessnews #big4 #audit

#paradox #hypocrisy #life

Co-Founder - FinLadder | LinkedIn for Creators | Educator | Speaker - TEDx, Josh

Paradoxical 2022?

We say failing is okay yet we only see the toppers published everywhere.

We say education is important yet more than 60% MBAs are unemployed.

We say taking a break is alright yet gap years affect admissions and interviews.

We say switching fields should be a choice yet it's the most difficult thing to do.

We say leaving your job should be okay yet many parents question this decision.

We say skills overtake everything yet resume shortlisting is still the first step.

High time we act upon what we say.

Thoughts? 

#education #life #growth #pridemonth 

#lifestyle 

ASE at Tata Consultancy Services

It's not important to show off everytime.

Be rich, 
be successful, 
be happy, 
be low-key,
confuse them!


#linkedinindia #motivationalthoughts 

Indian Institutes of Accounting: An interesting initiative but is it in conflict of Interest with ICAI? 
#IIA #ICAI #ACCOUNTING #NFRA 

Curious to Learn and Create New Things Especially related to EdTech | Author Of Neeraj Arora Reflections - #1 National Bestseller in India

BREAKING - Welcome to the new world
First NFRA- Now this IIA
What is IIA? offering BBA and MBA Like programmes In CA Specific Fields in direct competition to ICAI. They will have a license to practise similar to CAs.
Will be called CPAs. Will work under NFRA. 
#icai #castudents

Had to Share this... #dreamstoreality 

Mamaearth | SRCC | LinkedIn Top Voice | LI Creator Accelerator Program

Notice how glass items are packed in bubble wraps to prevent them from breaking?

Why is it so?

Because they are precious.

Your dreams are those glass items.

And the bubble wrap is your hard work.

Don't let the bubble wrap burst and it will protect your dreams from shattering.

4,231 followers

Total Scam Money is approximately between a 20 year period from 1992 till 2011 
Rs. 73000000000000 Cr.  
(73 Lakh Crore)

Hard to digest? Read on...


1992 -Harshad Mehta securities scam Rs 5,000 cr

1994 -Sugar import scam Rs 650 cr

1995 -Preferential allotment scam Rs 5,000 cr
Yugoslav Dinar scam Rs 400 cr
Meghalaya Forest scam Rs 300 cr

1996: -Fertiliser import scam Rs 1,300 cr
Urea scam Rs 133 cr
Bihar fodder scam Rs 950 cr

1997 -Sukh Ram telecom scam Rs 1,500 cr
SNC Lavalin power project scam Rs 374 cr
Bihar land scandal Rs 400 cr
C.R. Bhansali stock scam Rs 1,200 cr

1998 -Teak plantation swindle Rs 8,000 cr

2001 -UTI scam Rs 4,800 cr
Dinesh Dalmia stock scam Rs 595 cr
Ketan Parekh securities scam Rs 1,250 cr

2002 -Sanjay Agarwal Home Trade scam Rs 600 cr

2003 -Telgi stamp paper scam Rs 172 cr

2005 -IPO-Demat scam Rs 146 cr
Bihar flood relief scam Rs 17 cr
Scorpene submarine scam Rs 18,978 cr

2006 - Punjab 's City Centre project scam Rs 1,500 cr,
Taj Corridor scam Rs 175 cr

2008 -Pune billionaire Hassan Ali Khan tax default Rs 50,000 cr
The Satyam scam Rs 10,000 cr
Army ration pilferage scam Rs 5,000 cr
The 2-G spectrum swindle Rs 60,000 cr
State Bank of Saurashtra scam Rs 95 cr
Illegal monies in Swiss banks, as estimated in 2008 Rs 71,00,000 cr

2009: -The Jharkhand medical equipment scam Rs 130 cr
Rice export scam Rs 2,500 cr
Orissa mine scam Rs 7,000 cr
Madhu Koda mining scam Rs 4,000 cr"

SC refuses to quash PIL against Mayawati in Taj corridor scam
Orissa mine scam could be worth more than Rs 14k cr

CORRUPTION, MONEY LAUNDERING SCAM, Koda discharged from hospital, arrest imminent

'A Cover-Up Operation':
"It's a scam involving close to Rs 60,000 crores"
Spectrum scam: How govt lost Rs 60,000 crore

India's biggest scams 1, Ramalinga Raju, Rs. 50.4 billion
India's biggest scams 2, Harshad Mehta, Rs. 40 billion
India's biggest scams 3, Ketan Parekh, Rs. 10 billion
India's biggest scams 4, C R Bhansali, Rs.. 12 billion
India's biggest scams 5, Cobbler scam
India's biggest scams 6, IPO Scam
India's biggest scams 7, Dinesh Dalmia, Rs. 5.95 billion
India's biggest scams 8, Abdul Karim Telgi, Rs. 1.71 billion
India's biggest scams 9, Virendra Rastogi, Rs. 430 million
India's biggest scams 10, The UTI Scam, Rs. 320 million
India's biggest scams 11, Uday Goyal, Rs. 2.1 billion
India's biggest scams 12, Sanjay Agarwal, Rs. 6 billion
India's biggest scams 13, Dinesh Singhania, Rs. 1.2 billion

1, Jeep Purchase (1948) :- Free India's corruption graph begins. V. K. Krishna Menon, then the Indian high commissioner to Britain , bypassed protocol to sign a deal worth Rs 80 lakh with a foreign firm for the purchase of army jeeps. The case was closed in 1955 and soon after Menon joined the Nehru cabinet.

2, Cycle Imports (1951) :- S.A. Venkataraman, then the secretary, ministry of commerce and industry, was jailed for accepting a bribe in lieu of granting a cycle import quota to a company.

3, BHU Funds (1956) :- In one of the first instances of corruption in educational institutions, Benaras Hindu University officials were accused of misappropriation of funds worth Rs 50 lakh.

4, MUNDHRA SCANDAL (1957):- It was the media that first hinted there might be a scam involving the sale of shares to LIC, Feroz Gandhi sources the confidential correspondence between the then Finance Minister T.T. Krishnamachari and his principal finance secretary, and raised a question in Parliament on the sale of 'fraudulent' shares to LIC by a Calcutta-based Marwari businessman named Haridas Mundhra. The then Prime Minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, set up a one-man commission headed by Justice M.C.Chagla to investigate the matter when it becomes evident that there was a prima facie case. Chagla concluded that Mundhra had sold fictitious shares to LIC, thereby defrauding the insurance behemoth to the tune of Rs. 1.25 crore. Mundhra was sentenced to 22 years in prison. The scam also forced the resignation of T.T.Krishnamachari.

6, Teja Loans (1960):- Shipping magnate Jayant Dharma Teja took loans worth Rs 22 crore to establish the Jayanti Shipping Company. In 1960, the authorities discovered that he was actually siphoning off money to his own account, after which Teja fled the country.

7, Kairon Scam (1963):- Pratap Singh Kairon became the first Indian chief minister to be accused of abusing his power for his own benefit and that of his sons and relatives. He quit a year later.

8, Patnaik's Own Goal (1965) :- Orissa Chief Minister Biju Patnaik was forced to resign after it was discovered that he had favoured his privately-held company Kalinga Tubes in awarding a government contract.

9, Maruti Scandal (1974) :- Well before the company was set up, former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi's name came up in the first Maruti scandal, where her son Sanjay Gandhi was favoured with a license to make passenger cars.

10, Solanki Exposé (1992) :- At the World Economic Forum, Madhavsinh Solanki, then the external affairs minister, slipped a letter to his Swiss counterpart asking their government to stop the probe into the Bofors kickbacks. Solanki resigned when India Today broke the story.

11, Kuo Oil Deal (1976):- The Indian Oil Corporation signed an Rs 2.2-crore oil contract with a non-existent firm in Hong Kong and a kickback was given. The petroleum and chemicals minister was directed to make the purchase.

12, Antulay Trust (1981) :- With the exposure of this scandal concerning A.R. Antulay, then the chief minister of Maharashtra , The Indian Express was reborn. Antulay had garnered Rs 30 crore from businesses dependent on state resources like cement and kept the money in a private trust.

13, HDW Commissions (1987) :- HDW, the German submarine maker, was blacklisted after allegations that commissions worth Rs 20 crore had been paid. In 2005, the case was finally closed, in HDW's favour.

14, Bofors Pay-Off (1987) :- A Swedish firm was accused of paying Rs 64 crore to Indian bigwigs, including Rajiv Gandhi, then the prime minister, to secure the purchase of the Bofors gun.

15, St Kitts Forgery (1989) :- An attempt was made to sully V.P. Singh's Mr Clean image by forging documents to allege that he was a beneficiary of his son Ajeya Singh's account in the First Trust Corp. at St Kitts, with a deposit of $21 million.

16, Airbus Scandal (1990) :- Indian Airlines' (IA) signing of the Rs 2,000-crore deal with Airbus instead of Boeing caused a furore following the crash of an A-320. New planes were grounded, causing IA a weekly loss of Rs 2.5 crore.

17, Securities Scam (1992) :- Harshad Mehta manipulated banks to siphon off money and invested the funds in the stock market, leading to a crash. The loss: Rs 5,000 crore.

18, Indian Bank Rip-off (1992) :- Aided by M. Gopalakrishnan, then the chairman of the Indian Bank, borrowers-mostly small corporations and exporters from the south-were lent a total of over Rs 1,300 crore, which they never paid back.

19, Sugar Import (1994) :- As food minister, Kalpnath Rai presided over the import of sugar at a price higher than that of the market, causing a loss of Rs 650 crore to the exchequer. He resigned following the allegations.

20, MS SHOES SCAM (1994) :- Anyone who was old enough in 1994 to read will remember the advertisements- tens of them intriguingly headlined: 'Who is Pawan Sachdeva?' For the record, it was the peak of the public issues-led advertising boom and the ads were created by the Delhi branch of Re-diffusion. Sachdeva, the promoter of MS Shoes, allegedly used company funds to buy shares (of his own company) and rig prices, prior to a public issue. He is alleged to have colluded with officials in the Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and SBI Caps, which lead-managed the issue, to dupe the public into investing in his Rs. 699-crore public-***-rights issue. Sachdeva was later acquitted

21, JMM Bribes (1995) :- Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leader Shailendra Mahato testified that he and three party members received bribes of Rs 30 lakh to bail out the P.V. Narasimha Rao government in the 1993 no-confidence motion.

22, In a Pickle (1996) :- Pickle baron Lakhubhai Pathak raised a stink when he accused former Prime Minister P.V. Narasimha Rao and godman Chandraswami of accepting a bribe of Rs 10 lakh from him for securing a paper pulp contract.

23, Telecom Scam (1996) :- Former minister of state for communication Sukh Ram was accused of causing a loss of Rs 1.6 crore to the exchequer by favouring a Hyderabad- based private firm in the purchase of telecom equipment. He, along with two others, was convicted in 2002.

24, Fodder Scam (1996) :- The accountant general's concerns about the withdrawal of excess funds by Bihar's animal husbandry department unveiled a Rs 950-crore scam involving Lalu Prasad Yadav, then the state chief minister. He resigned a year later.

25, Urea Deal (1996) :- C.S. Ramakrishnan, MD, National Fertiliser, and a group of businessmen close to the P.V. Narasimha Rao regime fleeced the government and took Rs 133 crore from the import of two lakh tons of urea, which was never delivered.

26, Hawala Diaries (1996) :- The scandal surfaced following CBI raids on hawala operators in Delhi in 1991. But it was S.K. Jain's diaries that had heads rolling.

27, CRB SCAM (1997) :- Another scam forged by greed and discovered through accident. Chain Roop Bhansali, a smart-talking entrepreneur, created a pyramid financial empire based on high-cost financing. At its peak, his Rs. 1,000-crore financial conglomerate had in its ranks a mutual fund, a financial services company into fixed deposits, and a merchant bank. That Bhansali knew how to work the system became evident when he also managed to secure a provisional banking license. Then his luck ran out. An executive in the State Bank of India Inadvertently discovered that some interest warrants issued by Bhansali were not backed by cash. The bubble finally burst in May 1997, but by that time investors had lost over Rs. 1,000 crore. This was among the first retail scams in India and it was played out, in smaller avatars, across the country-especially in the South where financial services companies promised returns in excess of 20 per cent and decamped with the principal. Bhansali was arrested for a few weeks and released later on bail.

28, MEHTA'S SECOND COMING (1998) :- The Big Bull returned to the bourses. This time, he allegedly colluded with the promoters of BPL, Videocon International, and Sterile Industries to rig the share prices of these companies. The inevitable collapse happened sooner than planned, Harshad Mehta orchestrated a cover-up operation that included a high-jinks effort by officials of Bombay Stock Exchange to (illegally ) open the trading system in the middle of the night to set things right, but the damage had been done.. SEBI finally passed its ruling on the scam in 2001, banning the three companies concerned from tapping the market-BPL, for two years. Mehta was debarred for life form dealing in Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) in October 2001

29, VANISHING COMPANIES SCAM (1998) :- A passing remark heard by then Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram resulted in a furore over what was badly-kept secret on Dalal Street . Chidambaram was told that hundreds of companies had disappeared after raising moneys form the public. An informal scrutiny revealed that perhaps over 600 companies were missing. Chidambaram ordered a probe by SEBI. The SEBI probe conducted in May 1998 revealed that while many companies are not traded on the bourses at least 80 companies that had raised Rs.330.78 crore were simply missing. Later that year, the Department of Company Affairs (DCA) was asked to probe and penalize these companies. DCA still investigating. Investigations continue to this day.

30, PLANTATION COMPANIES SCAM (1999) :- It was as innovative a swindle as any effected in the world. Savvy entrepreneurs convinced gullible investors that given the right to irrigation and fertilizer inputs, teak, strawberries, and anything else that could be grown, would grow anywhere in the country. The promoters could afford to collect money from investors and not worry about retribution (or returns, for that matter). For, plantation companies fell under the purview of neither SEBI nor Reserve Bank of India . Indeed, they didn't even come under the scope of the Department decided to change things in 1999, enough investors had been gullied: 653 companies, between them, had raised Rs. 2,563 crore from investors. To date, not many investors have got their principals back, just another affirmation of the old saying about "money not growing on trees".

31, Match Fixing (2000) :- Mohammed Azharuddin, till then India 's cricket captain, was accused of match-fixing. He and Ajay Sharma were banned from playing, while Ajay Jadeja and Manoj Prabhakar were suspended for five years.

32, KETAN PAREKH SCAM (2001) :- Ketan Parekh's modus operandi wasn't very different from Harshad Mehta's. If Mehta used banker's receipts, then Parekh used pay orders to ramp up the prices of his favourite scrips (the K-10). Apart from money form the banking system, Parekh also rerouted money from corporations like HFCL (Rs. 425 crore), and Zee (Rs. 340 crore) to good effect. He was caught when pay-orders issued by Madhavpura Mercantile Cooperative Bank bounced. Although the total amount involved in the scam was just Rs. 137 crores, the impact was far greater.

Apparently, when a bear cartel sensed Parekh was in trouble, it stepped in and leveraged a dip in the NASDAQ to bear down stock prices. The resultant slump in the markets happened soon after Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha presented what he considered his best budget ever. Under pressure from the government, SEBI investigated the scam and heads began to roll. Among them: the entire management team of BSE, including its president Anand Rathi, CSFB, First Global, and, in an indirect connection, P.S.Subramanyam, the Chairman of UTL Evidently, for the 18 months that PSS was Chairman of UTI, the Trust had mirrored the actions of the bull cartel. The result? When the market tanked, so did the NAV of its holy cow, the US-64.

33, Tehelka Sting (2001) :- Tehelka, an online news portal, used spyscams to catch army officers and politicians accepting bribes, in their sting operation called Operation Westend. Investigative journalism turned another corner in the country.

34, Stockmarket Scam (2001) :- The mayhem that wiped off over Rs 1,15,000 crore in the markets in March 2001 was masterminded by the Pentafour bull Ketan Parekh. He was arrested in December 2002 and banned from accessing the capital market for 14 years.

35, Home Trade Scam (2002) :- Under the pretext of gilt trading, Rs 600 crore was swindled from over 25 cooperative banks in Maharashtra and Gujarat by a Navi Mumbai-based brokerage firm Home Trade. Sanjay Agarwal, CEO of the firm, was arrested in May 2002.

36, Stamp Paper Scam (2003) :- The sheer magnitude of the racket was shocking-it caused a loss of Rs 30,000 crore to the exchequer. Disclosures of the mastermind behind it, Abdul Karim Telgi, implicated top police officers and bureaucrats.

37, Oil-for-Food Scandal (2005) :- K. Natwar Singh was unceremoniously dropped from the Cabinet when his name surfaced in the Volcker Report on the Iraq oil-for-food scam.

What India Could Do With Rs 73 Lakh Crores?

Build: 2.4 crore primary healthcare centres. That's at least 3 for every village, at a cost of Rs 30 lakhs each.

Build: 24.1 lakh Kendriya Vidyalayas at a cost of Rs 3.02 crores each, with two sections from Class VI to XII.

Construct: 14..6 crore low-cost houses assuming a cost of Rs 5 lakh per unit.
Set up: 2,703 coal-based power plants of 600 MW each. Each costs Rs 2,700 crores.

Supply: 12 lakh CFL bulbs. That's enough light for each of India's 6 lakhs villages

Construct: 14.6 lakh km of two-lane highways. That's a road around India's perimeter 97 times over.

Clean up: 50 major rivers for the next 121 years, at Rs 1,200 crores a river every year.

Launch: 90 NREGA-style schemes, each worth roughly Rs 81,111 crores.
Announce: 121 more loan waiver schemes. All of them worth Rs 60,000 crores.

Give: Rs 56,000 to every Indian. Even better, give Rs 1.82 lakh to 40 crore Indians living Below Poverty Level.

Hand out: 60.8 crore Tata Nanos to 60.8 crore people. Or four times as many laptops.

Grow the GDP: The scam money is 27% more than our GDP of Rs 53 lakh crore."

July 16, 2022

1 like

September 28, 2021

August 11, 2021

July 19, 2021

8 likes2 comments

June 5, 2021

2 likes

May 22, 2021

4 likes3 comments

May 17, 2021

March 22, 2021

4 likes

February 19, 2021

3 likes

December 30, 2020

October 24, 2020

5 likes

October 11, 2020

5 likes4 comments

September 30, 2020

11 likes

September 13, 2020

August 25, 2020

July 22, 2020

July 16, 2020

June 17, 2020

June 7, 2020

May 15, 2020

4 likes1 comment

Laser Weeding Robots | Agri-Tech | CSE '24

Dear Linkedin Connection,

Prakhar Gupta, my roommate was looking for an internship in data science and analytics. He came across a company called Maction Consulting on Internshala and appeared in the interview which consisted of Technical and Behavioural rounds.

After 5 days, He was offered the position of Market Research Intern and started working on 1st September and submitted two assignments. After 3 days, Maction Consulting withdrew his internship through WhatsApp.

They fired him since they required a person who knew the local language and did field work which was never part of the responsibilities of the internship offer letter.

Shikha Mehta was the mode of contact between Maction and Prakhar Gupta. Sekar Murugesan and Shikha Mehta was his interviewers. 

Internshala please go through his post and moderate the job posting process.

Please go through the WhatsApp chats and the offer letter attached over here.

#datascience #work #work #internshala #interview #scam #scamalert #internship #incident #consulting # #analytics #careers #socialmedia #socialnetworking #storytelling #storytelling #legal #jobposting #linkedin #hyderabad #ahmedabad

Internshala Maction Consulting

Associate content specialist at Thomson Reuters

I've had a terrible experience with internship opportunity in wldm kolkata digital marketing agency, got through internshala. 

Research Analyst

Internshala is completely fraud platform everyone experienced the same not only u

Founder : Tech-Tyros || Business Strategist || Google Cloud Data Engineer

Hey Rahul Arepaka If your friend is open to work with a base start up then you can revert to me, I can try my best to connect him with base start up companies, as they are always looking for passionate candidates who can work on the vision of founder.

Finance Enthusiast | Stock Market Practitioner | Readerpreneur

Commenting for better reach!

HR Recruiter

You are the person who is showing it to the world. But there are many other people who choose to suffer and forget and do not raise voice. Being a fresher in this competitive world is really harming a lot of youngsters which we even do not come across because they select to not speak. #raiseyourvoice 

Hi Rahul Arepaka,

Sorry to hear of the poor experience your roommate had with the companies on Internshala. Could you please ask him to write to us in detail about the issue he has faced to complaints@internshala.com so that we can look into it and take necessary measures? 

Thanks, 
Team Internshala

Building Surge & Teens ReachOut | UofT | JPMC

It looks like there’s no synchronization of workflow between the applicant and the company. Ergo, the company rescinded the offer due to unavailability.

Blockchain Developer Developer | Smart Contract Development

It is disappointing to see how the system works

Just a 16-year-old computer geek.

cfbr

Head Of Business Development and Corporate Relations at PACE Hospitals

harsh goenka Sir,
Sharing my thoughts on your post. Would be great to know and learn from your insights. 
HR = Management +/- Heart. In my 3 decades of  journey in corporate India, my #learning  is, the #HR is, but, a mirror of the #managementstyle of #functioning. They just do the bidding of the management. If the management is an #empowering and #facilitating one, the HR perfectly reflect and amplify that. That, in the long run, builds a vibrant work culture across the the organization.

Conversely, if the management is #exploitative and believes in #hireandfire approach, the HR perpetuates the same. This results in very #vindictive behaviour and the overall #Culture is, one of mutual #distrust and #useandthrow. Such an organization can seriously be injurious to all concerned. Not just the management and the employees, but to the clients, vendors and the other stake holders including the community at large.

In #reality, Culture is always Top Down and never Bottom Up  and HR, who by and large form the 2nd / 3rd level of the management #hierarchy in most Indian corporate entities, at best/worst are the implementers of the #managementphilosophy and style of the #leadership. 

Any HR who are not in line with the Leadership's way of functioning are changed promptly. But, it is convenient for some managements to #passthebuck to the HR and try to escape #facingtheflak.
In the long run such managements are found out and fall by the way side.

Those Organizations which are empowering and treat their employees as assets and partners in growth - not merely an unavoidable nuisance or liability, only will #thrive and #grow over the long term in my considered belief.

Look forward to learning from you about the same. Thank you.

chairman at RPG Enterprises

How HR matches the job meant for you: 😃😃😃

Engineer + Social skills = Marketing

Marketing + Hustle = Sales

Sales - Good personality = Management

Management - Heart = HR

Good Estimator - Smile = Finance

Founder, Kohort (we're hiring) | Head of International Projects, DigitalNorway

Despite coming from a low socio-economic background, I got exposed to international mobility! 

The world is yours when you believe in abundance and your potential!

Like any other student, I was anxious and skeptical, wondering if I would fit in the global community. I doubted if I'd be able to handle the pressure. 

My life changed when I got selected for the #ErasmusMundus Scholarship to pursue a master's in Europe. Being the first-generation graduate of my family, this was a life-changing opportunity for me.

This exposure made me realize there's more to life to explore, provided one has a strong drive to upskill their vision.

The best way to live your dream life is to explore the world around you. But for many people, especially those from humble backgrounds who do not have access to opportunities abroad as often as they would wish- the idea of becoming an international citizen can seem impossible.

Kohort aims to help people see what it's like to be a global citizen while challenging the status quo and reaching their full potential.

In various fields, Kohort has helped 22 students get 9 crores (1.125 million dollars) in scholarships, fulfilling aspirations and providing alternative perspectives. It is our goal to help more people in the future.

Looking forward to joining our Kohort Community? We welcome you with warm hugs :) 

#highereducation #mentoring #scholarships

PM | DeFi | Web 3.0

It is an utmost privilege to be enrolled in one of the most important universities worldwide. As a Colombian who receives a scholarship to finish my Postgraduate Degree in Management of Technology, I feel extremely humbled to realize the university cares about Web3 implementation in the US and around the globe. As a Latino who has been struggling with cryptocurrency business since 2016 is inspiring to belong to this institution and be able to do business in the financial hub of the western hemisphere and the top3 city for cryptocurrency endeavors: NYC! 

Let's keep building this beautiful ecosystem of Web3! 

#cryptocurrency #web3 #nyu #blockchain #scrummaster

908,835 followers

NYU has moved into the Top 25—its highest ranking ever!—on the 2022-2023 US News and World Report National Universities rankings. #VioletPride 💜 https://lnkd.in/ekxr2bC

Happy #Engineer’s day!
When Iron Man first came in 2008, it was probably every kid’s dream to be in an armored suit like that one day. Even mine. About a year ago, I started exploring the field of 3D designing, CAD to be exact, and started learning Blender software.

Fast forward to now; safe to say I am living my childhood dream, having designed an #IronMan helmet (Mark 85 suit from Avenger’s Endgame with a few personal touches) from scratch using Blender 3D. And all thanks to my Uni, I was able to get it 3D printed as well. I will take my time to sand, paint, and automate it, but still, here’s a pic of me in my helmet <3
Looking forward to designing the whole suit soon. 

Onwards and Upwards.

22k+ Followers 🤝 | Sharing free resources about Data Science and Programming on LinkedIn and tutorials on YouTube ✌️✌️ | Link 👇👇👇

Excel formulas

Credit: eforexcel

Follow DataScience RoadMap: https://lnkd.in/eR9XPn6C

#datascience #interview #dataanalysis #dataanalytics #dataanalyst #database #dataanalysts #datacollection #sql #sqlqueries #datascientist #datastructures #databases #datacleaning #datacleansing #businessanalytics #businessanalyst #pythonprogramming #rprogramming #statistics #probability #normalization #data #programming #language #management #machinelearning #python

Equity And Asset Strategist, Market Research Analyst

#Regime Change in #Sweden 

Swedish people have voted for a change of power: Right-wing bloc is moving towards electoral victory with most votes counted….

PM Anderson will be resigning tomorrow...


 #power #europe #crisis #globaleconomy

Blockchain Leader | LinkedIn Top Voice | 65k+ | Polkadot | Kusama | Web3 | Podcast Host | Connections maxed: Follow & InMail please

🚨💡Must read: Stablecoins are an essential component of Blockchain, Web3 and Decentralised Finance. Check out this super helpful guide to learn more…

Shout to the team at SupraOracles for putting together this comprehensive guide for anyone interested in Stablecoins. 

As most know, there’s typically a lot of volatility in the price, availability or even supply of cryptocurrencies, which make them oftentimes a poor means of exchange for trading or storing value. 

The answer: stablecoins. 

There are many different flavours and constructs for stablecoins, how much collateral they are backed by, and whether that collateral is fiat, crypto or another asset type. 

We’ve also seen that if you get your stablecoin design wrong, it can have catastrophic effects (see: Terra Luna, UST). 

This report covers:
- What is a stablecoin
- Asset backed
- Over-collateralised
- Seigniorage-based
- Delta-neutral
- Volatility across different stablecoin designs
- What more is needed in stablecoin research and analysis 

I suspect many of you have never heard of 3 and 4 on this list, so now you can flex your knowledge to your friends and family 😎

What do you think will be the next major innovation in stablecoins? Will we see a US-government backed coin any time soon? 
🚀🌔

 #blockchain #technology #management  #innovation

Head Markets / BD | FinTech enthusiast | DLT | Blockchain | Speaker | Lecturer | Metaverse | Mindfulness

Tokenomics - the economics behind token. How many token shall be issued, inflationary, with airdrops? This are just a couple of characteristics to be considered.
Report by Binance.
#blockchain #fintech #crypto

Web 3.0 Researcher, BSc Economic and Social Sciences @ Bocconi

Understanding TOKENOMICS 🧠 = Understanding the FUNDAMENTALS = Understanding the GAME 📈


Since Peter Meszaros and I get messages every day on how to get involved within the Web 3.0 industry, we will be simplifying Tokenomics. 

-------------> What is Tokenomics? 

- Comes from the words "Token" and "Economics"

- It is the study of evaluating the economic characteristics of a crypto token

- Understanding tokenomics is crucial for your evaluation of certain protocols

- Understanding the different stakeholder's economic INCENTIVES and the different design mechanics of the token will help you to evaluate the potential for VALUE ACCRUAL for a given token 

-------------> Why is value accrual important for tokens?

- Better value accrual mechanisms = Better incentives for key allocation parties to stay invested in the project

- KEY ALLOCATION PARTIES: Founder/core team, private investors, public sale, foundation, ecosystem/incentives, etc)

-------------> What are examples of value accrual mechanisms?

1. SUPPLY BURN 🔥: 

- In theory, decreasing the supply of tokens over time will help increase their value and thus price (given ceteris paribus)

- Protocols can do so by: 
1. Utilizing excess revenue/profits 
2. Buy back tokens from the open market 
3. Burn them, causing a reduction of overall circulating supply.

2. FEE ACCRUAL AND REVENUE SHARES OF A PROTOCOL 💵 :

- The usual mediums are liquidation fees, treasury yield, and swap fees. The one you will be most familiar with is staking. 

- Staking --> "Stake your Q tokens for 1 year and you will earn 40% of our protocol revenues" 

- While this may sound appealing, it is important to note that the MAJORITY of tokens are inflationary -->  the value will go down over time (like the USD 😉)


3. GOVERNANCE TOKENS that give you VOTING RIGHTS 🪙 :

- By holding governance tokens, stakeholders can be incentivized to stick to the protocol as they can have input on business decisions and strategies that the protocols can make in the future.

- Before preaching Magna Carta, it is vital to note that someone who owns a lot of tokens (described as whales 🐳) can swoop in and dominate all the voting decisions. Whales hold huge amounts of tokens (usually upwards of $1m)

4. BRIBES 💵🤫:

- In the scenario you don't get blindsided by these whales, you might be approached to change your vote..... in exchange for a bribe! Everybody wins. I guess?

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Tomorrow we will answer: 
"Why is there a need for Tokenomics?" 
"What advantages do Tokenomics bring to Web 3.0 that Web 2.0 companies can't tap into?"

Want to know something else about tokenomics (or about Web 3.0)? Comment below and we will answer your question in our next post!

Stay tuned.

- Ayush & Peter Meszaros 
#web3  #blockchain  #tokenomics #economics

Web 3.0 Researcher | Simplifying Tokenomics | BSc in Economics and Finance @ Bocconi

Understanding TOKENOMICS 🧠 = Understanding the FUNDAMENTALS = Understanding the GAME 📈


Since Ayush Tripathi and I get messages every day on how to get involved within the Web 3.0 industry, we will be simplifying Tokenomics.

-------------> What is Tokenomics?

- Comes from the words "Token" and "Economics"

- It is the study of evaluating the economic characteristics of a crypto token

- Understanding tokenomics is crucial for your evaluation of certain protocols

- Understanding the different stakeholder's economic INCENTIVES and the different design mechanics of the token will help you to evaluate the potential for VALUE ACCRUAL for a given token

-------------> Why is value accrual important for tokens?

- Better value accrual mechanisms = Better incentives for key allocation parties to stay invested in the project

- KEY ALLOCATION PARTIES: Founder/core team, private investors, public sale, foundation, ecosystem/incentives, etc)

-------------> What are examples of value accrual mechanisms?

1. SUPPLY BURN 🔥:

- In theory, decreasing the supply of tokens over time will help increase their value and thus price (given ceteris paribus)

- Protocols can do so by:
1. Utilizing excess revenue/profits
2. Buy back tokens from the open market
3. Burn them, causing a reduction of overall circulating supply.

2. FEE ACCRUAL AND REVENUE SHARES OF A PROTOCOL 💵 :

- The usual mediums are liquidation fees, treasury yield, and swap fees. The one you will be most familiar with is staking.

- Staking --> "Stake your Q tokens for 1 year and you will earn 40% of our protocol revenues"

- While this may sound appealing, it is important to note that the MAJORITY of tokens are inflationary --> the value will go down over time (like the USD 😉)


3. GOVERNANCE TOKENS that give you VOTING RIGHTS 🪙 :

- By holding governance tokens, stakeholders can be incentivized to stick to the protocol as they can have input on business decisions and strategies that the protocols can make in the future.

- Before preaching Magna Carta, it is vital to note that someone who owns a lot of tokens (described as whales 🐳) can swoop in and dominate all the voting decisions. Whales hold huge amounts of tokens (usually upwards of $1m)

4. BRIBES 💵🤫:

- In the scenario you don't get blindsided by these whales, you might be approached to change your vote..... in exchange for a bribe! Everybody wins. I guess?

-------------------------------------------------------------------
Tomorrow we will answer:
"Why is there a need for Tokenomics?"
"What advantages do Tokenomics bring to Web 3.0 that Web 2.0 companies can't tap into?"

Want to know something else about tokenomics (or about Web 3.0)? Comment below and we will answer your question in our next post!

Stay tuned.

- Peter & Ayush Tripathi
#web3 #blockchain #tokenomics #economics

2,344 followers

Operations Manager at VITS Hotels

Vice President at Vits Hotels & Resorts

we are looking for Hotels & Resorts with key sizes from 25 to 100+ under our formidable brands- #VITS Premium full Service Hotels & Resorts. & #Purple Bed By VITS.

Hotel Manager at Nile Hospitality

Respected,
Hoteliers and Seniors,

I am from a middle class family, for which job is the only one way to run a family' of livelihood but unfortunately, I lost my job, so I am desperately looking for a job.

Please help me.

 #pleasehelp #hoteliers  #job #sales 
 #operations #lordshotels #sarovarhotels #wyndhamhotels #royalorchid #up #bihar #delhi 

Hello LinkedIn family, 

Greetings of the day!

I'm urgently looking for a job in the Hospitality Industry as Hotel Manager/Operations Manager. 

I’ve overall 12 years of experience in the Hospitality Industry & from past 10 years I’m heading sales and operations, Please massage me in-person if you come across any genuine vacancy in Hotels/Resorts for the position of Hotel Manager/Operations Manager or if you have any references. 

Thanks,

Passionate Hotelier, Visionary Leader, Innovator, Trendsetter

#SANDEEP DAGA IS FRAUD
SANDEEP DAGA IS FRAUD !!!

I AM VERY MUCH HAPPY WITH MY JOB AND I AM GRATEFUL TO MY DIRECTOR AND AND MY VICE PRESIDENT THAT THEY GIVE ME THIS OPPORTUNITY ,

ONLY TO REVEAL THE TRUTH I SPENT ONLY 200 AND NOW THE TRUTH HAS CAME OUT IN FRONT OF EVERYONE

THIS PERSON ADD ME IN GROUP MANY TIMES AND WHATSAPP ME
EVERY TIMES I LEFT OR IGNORE ,BUT WHEN I SAW THAT HE HAS GIVEN ADD FOR KOLKATA I HAVE PLANNED HOW TO REVEAL THE TRUTH IN FRONT OF ALL THAT HE IS FRAUD ,

HE SAID AFTER GIVEN THE MONEY HE WILL SHARE THE MAIL WITH EMPLOYER AND KEEP CC MARK TO CANDIDATE, HE SAID HOTEL RENESET HOTEL HAVE A REQUIREMENT FOR GM AND I KNOW THEY HAVE ONE PROPERTY IN KOLKATA AND CALLED HR AND ASKED THE TRUTH, CAME TO KNOW THERE IS NO VACANCY

WHEN I CALLED DAGA AND INFORMED HE TRIED TO DELETE WHATSAPP POST , BUT UNFORTUNATELY HE COULDN'T, AND THEN HE BLOCKED ME , AND THREAT ME 

 WE ALL KEEP OUR MOUTHS SHUT BECAUSE THE REGISTRATION AMOUNT IS VERY SMALL ,THIS IS A NEW TECHNIQUE OF FRAUD PEOPLE , MAXIMUM PEOPLE MINIMUM AMOUNT

THANKS FOR SHARING THIS , I HAVE NO INTENTION TO APPLY JOB, ONLY TRIED TO REVEAL THE TRUTH

BE CAREFUL. STAY SAFE .

SANDEEP DAGA IS FRAUD !!!

I AM VERY MUCH HAPPY WITH MY JOB AND I AM GRATEFUL TO MY DIRECTOR AND AND MY VICE PRESIDENT THAT THEY GIVE ME THIS OPPORTUNITY ,

ONLY TO REVEAL THE TRUTH I SPENT ONLY 200 AND NOW THE TRUTH HAS CAME OUT IN FRONT OF EVERYONE

THIS PERSON ADD ME IN GROUP MANY TIMES AND WHATSAPP ME
EVERY TIMES I LEFT OR IGNORE ,BUT WHEN I SAW THAT HE HAS GIVEN ADD FOR KOLKATA I HAVE PLANNED HOW TO REVEAL THE TRUTH IN FRONT OF ALL THAT HE IS FRAUD ,

 WE ALL KEEP OUR MOUTHS SHUT BECAUSE THE REGISTRATION AMOUNT IS VERY SMALL ,THIS IS A NEW TECHNIQUE OF FRAUD PEOPLE , MAXIMUM PEOPLE MINIMUM AMOUNT

THANKS FOR SHARING THIS , I HAVE NO INTENTION TO APPLY JOB, ONLY TRIED TO REVEAL THE TRUTH

BE CAREFUL. STAY SAFE .

Contributing towards financial literacy.

Paytm CFO on 8 November 2021 - We could have priced the IPO higher if we wanted to.....

The issue price was 2150 INR, and the share is now trading at 555, almost 75% down.

In 2035, we will have another series on the stock market. "IPO Scam"

I have written against the OFS (Offer for sales) part of IPO.; with the OFS scheme, promoters/ early investors sell their stake and go home with money. Money which they never earned in the form of profit. (Very first time I wrote in 2019 on LinkedIn itself)

Every decade, a few people come who tarnish the image of the temple of capitalism (which is the stock market).

And they do it with a lot of audacity. Paytm's CEO & CFO interview on the day of the listing is a classic example of this audacity. Please must watch it once. 

Dear SEBI,

Can you plz change back the rules for IPO? 

1) Ask companies not to club OFS with regular IPO.
2) Ask companies first to be profitable. 

Either you invest money in investors' education or let the rules be like it used to 5-6 years back for the listing. 

Respected Narendra Modi ji - Your reputation is also at stake. You behaved like almost a brand ambassador of this company once. You appeared in nearly every leading newspaper full-page advertisement for Paytm. Ask you colleague Nirmala Sitharaman to speak to SEBI director about the recent rule changes for IPO. Plz...
Also, let me know if you need more help on the matter of making India the biggest economy of the world. If we keep making people distrust the temple of economy and capitalism (stock market) - certainly few people will get richer but our economy will go nowhere. 

Case is similar across almost all IPOs where companies were not profitable and during IPO promoters/investors sold their shares in IPO and took money home. 

P.S. - Took only Paytm example becayse they were too loud and arrogant!! No personal grudge. I am not an investor in that company too.

#stockmarket #education #paytm #sebi #narendramodi

Dear All, 

Greetings from Hotel VITS Shalimar Ankleshwar!!!

We are looking for the following candidates _

01 Sales Executive (Upto 18k - 20k)
01 Housekeeping Executive (18k)
02 Room Attendant ( 9k-10k)
01 Junior Sous Chef ( 30k)
01 Front Office Associate (12-13k)

Interested candidates can share their resume on gmankleshwar@vitshotels.com

Dear All, 

Greetings from Hotel VITS Shalimar Ankleshwar!!!

We are looking for the following candidates _

01 Sales Executive 
01 Housekeeping Executive 
02 Room Attendant 
01 Junior Sous Chef 
01 Front Office Associate

Interested candidates can share their resume on gmankleshwar@vitshotels.com

Award Ceremony at VITS Silvassa. 

It is a great honor to receive the Best Business Hotel award by our Chief Mentor - Dr. Kamat.
I am humbly thankful to our Hotel group V.P. Operations- Mr Abhijeet Dey who selected me for this award and recognition. 

The biggest honors go to my fellow team in our company since they have enabled me to get this far. 
#VitsShalimar #hoteliers #Hotels #ankleshwar 

4,239 followers

If you are an SME or a traditional business trying to expand, I am sure you have encountered at least one BNI member. You can spot them with too - a BNI shirt collar pin, a brooch, a laptop sticker hiding the logo etc. - stating PROUD BNI MEMBER

For those who haven't -

Well, the definition does sound good if you are trying to augment your sale figure and are looking to network with fellow business owners? BNI is the best marketing tool.

I encourage you to maybe attend a meet or read experiences on Quora. However to save time I shall give you a short summary.

BNI is a worldwide network of local business networks. You can join a local BNI chapter in your area, and trust there is definitely more than one in every area you can possibly think of. Before joining, there are a few things to know about BNI chapters that are unique to the organization. Only one service professional is allowed per chapter in each speciality so there's no competition for referrals. BNI meetings are high energy and run according to a structured agenda. They last around 90 minutes with time for additional networking before and after each meeting. You can attend as a visitor through a referral BNI member and are given a chance to introduce yourself (usually 1-2 mins). So you go to the meeting, talk about your business, ask for referrals, other members explain how they achieved a sale number only through BNI referrals and so on. Everyone is hyper and pumped up - and if being part of a cult makes you motivated - well BNI is just the right place.

Now I know you have many questions. BNI is a cool idea, right? Well yes, it is, and Ivan Misner like every genius basically solved a problem. There is a whole story, but that's for another time.

BNI is a for-profit corporation. The chapters in different regions are managed by franchise owners. And yes, a portion of your membership dues do end up in somebody's pocket but it's not MLM as members do not earn any referrals. (But of course, there are member who are into MLM businesses). The joining fee for BNI in India is approximately INR 35,000 or $500 (standard worldwide fee I believe). And then there are extra that you end-up spending like the weekly/monthly breakfast meetings, excursions which people might plan, sub-groups you may form out of peer pressure and so on.

Now coming to Why Should you not join BNI?

Debate on BNI is quite polarising, some people just follow it like a religion while others hate it. (usually due to good/bad personal experiences). I personally feel it's very important to understand the basic fabric of BNI and judge if its right for you. So who should and who should not join the BNI? BNI is built for a traditional business like tax services, MLMs, local furniture manufacturer, etc. - basically any professional services which have geographical limitation. It is also a good way platform to network and understands other businesses, their products & services and business models.

So, in conclusion, BNI is a great place for traditional businesses, who believe in community and can help each other to generate new business leads through local networking.

My experience - Being a boutique agency, only select corporates work with us, and it takes quite an effort to make them understand Onedigital's niche. To get the ball rolling, we reply on Proprietorship driven SME's & MSME's, where decision making is single-minded. Most proposals get stuck at CMOs, who are quite traditional in their marketing approach. Long story short, many of these single business owners are BNI members are quite recognizable by their BNI office stationery, certificates and personal branding. All of them had peculiar characteristics of Affirmative Responses, Contact Eye Contact, Keen interest in your pitch, talking about their friends' businesses and how they could connect you to them. They would talk about a global business practice they studied, a quote they believed in and state the VISION and MISSION of the company. Their utopian and superficial talk of business strategy might lead you to think what a perfect client you have got, but unfortunately, they never close a deal. Its almost like they are scared to invest in anything. Most calls were answered sweetly with no conclusion and more referrals and rest were ignored at will. Persistence is a common quality that BNI members believe in and their persistent smile, yes and no closure on the deal has been a nightmare for me. Today, my sales team has been instructed to avoid pitching to a BNI member, and if I get to know about the owner being a BNI member when I meet them, I avoid talking about BNI and wrap up the meeting with the same conclusion.

Well, since my experience has not been great and neither my business is BNI driven, I am not the right person to give you personal BNI feedback. But the above research has been done by talking to various current and ex BNI members to come to a stateable conclusion. I hope my article and experience will help you to at least to understand if your business or lifestyle needs BNI.

---

We need need to understand the phycology of people who join BNI. Don't expect them to be business experts or disruptors in their field. They are not innovators or entrepreneurs you read about. They are traditional business owners who are tuned to work on the inbound sales channels. They have a motivational business figure and spend more time acquiring life skills or their role models. Ofocurse if they were investing in digital marketing, they would not need BNI for leads or referrals. Hence, most BNI members are not aware of digital strategies for business leads. Their exposure is limited to old school digital practices instilled by JustDial, IndiaMart & TradeIndia sales representatives. Thus, don't waste your time if you feel they are perfect customers to pitch digital lead-gen campaigns. Trust me, they are not. They do not need to know about them. Business is a lifestyle for them and not only a mean to make money.

There are some other fundamental problems that I have with BNI. Since BNI runs on a community model, a high annual fee going to franchise owner is not something I feel is very community friendly, rather the money could be used for dedicated BNI managers and executives who can coordinate with members for meetings, business leads and transactions. And with whole #LocalForVocal going viral, why not your own local BNI with revenue being earned by your own region. (Imagine it like Haldirams can never be Sitaram ke Chole Bhature). Further, in my opinion, unless you are interested to join a cult, society, organisation, group, BNI expense can be translated to making your business digital-first.

LinkedIn User

When you get a connection request on LinkedIn from a stranger, do you open up their profile to check them out?

The prevalence of fake LinkedIn accounts has become an increasing problem for the social networking giant. Some spammers are smarter than others, and some fake accounts will require a closer inspection to spot.

Fake LinkedIn profiles can have several hundred connections already, as well as a handful of Skill Endorsements. They also usually belong to several groups and follow a couple of companies and influencers.

If you know what to look for, fake accounts on LinkedIn are usually pretty easy to spot. Often you can visibly see patterns and signs that are common amongst these fake LinkedIn profiles. Here are a few signs that I use when gauging the legit profiles against the fake ones!

If you start receiving an unusual number of invites from people from the same company (unless such an influx is expected for a specific reason, such as an event), this is often the sign of fake LinkedIn accounts. Quite often they will use well-known companies such as Microsoft, Oracle, Bank of America, etc.

Another dead giveaway would be many requests from people with very similar, generic headlines.

Images are also an excellent way to spot fake accounts. If you get the feeling that a profile photo looks like a stock photo, you can look it up with Google search by image. This will quickly tell you if the picture has been used elsewhere on the web.

While there are lots of real people still using logos as their image, a generic picture, such as a flower or another random object, can also be a warning sign of a fake LinkedIn profile.

Images of celebrities are also a dead giveaway, as are pictures of women in suggestive looking poses. Some spammers are really not that smart, you may even see a profile where the image is of a woman, but the profile has a man’s name or vice versa.

A common denominator between many fake LinkedIn accounts is the lack of any real personal info about that individual.

If anything, there are mostly generic statements that lack any specificity in the summary and experience sections.

Profiles by real people often include a mix of personal details such as causes, volunteering, interests, education, recommendations and the use of the first person when writing the sections such as the Summary or Experience. This isn’t to say that profiles written in the third person are fake. I’m merely suggesting that profiles written in the first person tend to be fake LinkedIn accounts less often.

I generally open the profiles of people who sent me connection requests to look for any red flags that might cause me to question their authenticity. If it’s a close call and I really can’t tell, I tend to decline the connection request.

OK, so I’m having a little bit of fun with this one and truthfully it isn’t a reliable indicator on its own, but it can paint a bigger picture when it’s among other red flags.

Romana Frey shared one of her experiences identifying a fake LinkedIn account with me:

“Last week I received an invitation that I knew was fake right away. It was a photo of an attractive man from England in a field totally unrelated to mine with just a few connections. I accepted anyway, just to check my intuition, and I was right – he immediately sent me a message saying he was coming to Canada and wanted to meet me.” – Romana Frey

It’s not just women, it happens to men too! Here’s a comment sent to me by Bruce Smeaton:

“A profile of a young woman complete with a drop-dead gorgeous profile photo (which is either a stock photo or stolen from Google Images), a job role as a content producer and/or blogger with “World Connector”, a local US address (and associated educational references), but very poor English literacy skills.”

It’s rare but even fake accounts will sometimes have a Premium LinkedIn membership, so don’t blindly accept an invite without a glance at their profile.

While you want to avoid connecting with fake or spam accounts on LinkedIn, you don’t need to protect your network or account like you would on Facebook. LinkedIn is a professional platform that can help you build and expand your network.

That said, it doesn’t mean you should connect with every non-spammer who sends you a connection request. The quality of your network is important, but I don’t think it’s necessary or beneficial to deny a connection request solely because you have never met the person before.

I also personally avoid connecting with LIONs (LinkedIn Open Networkers).

These people put LION in their headline as a sign to show that they will connect with anyone, spammers and fake accounts included. I find these people to have a very low-quality network and I don’t typically like to be connected to them.

I believe in expanding your network, but there has to be a purpose for each party to be connected to each other.

Once you have determined that an account belongs to a real person and is not a fake profile there are still a few factors you may want to consider before clicking accept:

Is this person a competitor and is there a benefit to being connected

If you are currently under the 500+ connections, you might be tempted to connect with anyone at all to help build your network quickly, but similar to the adverse effects of connecting with LIONs, having a low-quality network will not serve you.

The best way to use LinkedIn is to build a high-quality network and only connect with high-quality connections. Then, when you reach out to connect with your ideal connections, they will see that your network is full of people just like them when they research your profile.

What are some of the signs you look for when trying to spot fake LinkedIn accounts? Let me know in the comments below.

Did you know I have a free advanced online training available to help you build an extensive, high-quality LinkedIn network full of your ideal clients?   

It’s a masterclass called: How to Turn Cold LinkedIn Connections into Clients. Inside the training, I reveal a highly effective rapport-building process that has been refined from years of testing and perfecting. Register here.

Founder - Radically Yours | Strategic Communications @Resolut Partners| Private Equity & VC| Governance| Ex- TOI| LinkedIn Top Voice - Next Gen

With a turnover of ₹250 Cr p.a, Jatin Ahuja aims to achieve ₹1,000 Cr milestone for Big Boy Toyz Ltd

From selling a pen of ₹3, profitably at age of 10 to being the owner of BBT at 32, Jatin is a trusted preowned, luxury cars dealer

Business model:

20% payment upfront. They arrange a loan for the balance amt & there is a buy-back guarantee for the #car as they pay up to 60-80% of its value

A milestone was achieved in 2005 when he got a Mercedes that was damaged in the Mumbai floods, restored it & sold it for a profit of ₹25 lakh

In 2006, seeing the #market for mobile numbers, he bought 1,200 SIM cards of the 99999 series from Vodafone, sold it & earned ₹24 lakh

By 2007, from ₹2 Cr, launched Magus Cars that imported new cars for its sale in #India

Soon in 2009, Jatin launched BBT & it was a big hit

~Turnover of the 1st year: ₹6Cr

In 2016, BBT crossed the ₹100 Cr turnover mark & now sells 30 cars a month

Demonetization imposed 48% GST on luxury cars, which he, along with Maruti, Mahindra & Tata sought it to 18%

Its E-booking facility/online sales: 50% of its revenue

His aim: To be an #inspiration for his daughter & create a legacy

Truly a person who sells #luxury but is down to earth! Indeed BBT is a "Supercar for Superstars" by the Superstar himself

The Representative

Functional Manager - Power Apps & Power BI

Radhika Bajoria  Definitely his achievements are remarkable . Most important thing is he identified the opportunities and made full use of it for his benifits. That's what may people lack. They know the opportunities but does not use that. It's the risk reward ratio which one needs to identify and take action on it. The Big Boy Toyz Ltd  is one such example which  Jatin Ahuja  had identified looking at the craze for cars which people had and use it to the best of his benifit. Tough there are so many dealers which provides such services but the trust and quality of service which the company provides has created a goodwill in the market. Tough the situation has worsen a bit in this pandemic but the craze for cars is not going to end and the business model is going to succeed going forward and the aims which Jatin Ahuja  has will be achieved .

Founder & Managing Director at Big Boy Toyz Limited

Wow !!
You have put it so nicely 
Thankyou for appreciating the Hard work Radhika Bajoria !!
🙏

Trainer, Bibliophile, Wellness, Ayurveda

I still remember when BBT was opened in 2009 on MG road, Delhi, it was on my way to my office and back. Always used to think who the owner is. Always had an impression that it was being run by a man with a lot of money. But when I read about  Jatin Ahuja, the self made man who with his hard work dedication modesty and focused vision has made this brand, I was very inspired. I give his example in my trainings as well.. Kudos to u sir....

95000 + Followers | Lead Logistics Specialist at GE | Project Logistics Management for Power, Oil & Gas, Renew Energy EPC Projects | Heavy Lift & ODC | LinkedIn Influencer | Ex L&T & ABB |15 years+ | Mentor

This is not at a Business Model? This is Making Money by finding Loopholes in a Transaction cycle. Well tried by Nirav Modi, Vijay Mallya, Ramalinga Raju, Ketan parikh etc too. Think again before declaring "Superstar" 
Superstars Create Better future for community not just a Legacy for Daughter.

Founder, Ossify Corporate Gifts | Ph. D in Corporate Gifting | Ask me about 100% Client engagement & brand reach through 2000+ Promotional Merchandises | Ex-McKinsey&Co

Jatin Ahuja is definitely one of the few successful opportunist who has made a fortune. 

I would also wait to hear about his failures Jatin Ahuja
- A request from a Learner 

sarvodaya glass traders / centenary lion President

GreaT.

Product Management || Consumer Tech

Next logical step to venture into luxury bikes if not already. Diversification while increasing market reach.

Senior Production Engineer at G.P AUTO INDUSTRIES

Great👍

LINKEDIN | TOP IT COMPANY | OWNER WHOLESELLER | DISTRIBUTOR | DEALER | ALL IT PRODUCTS 💻🖨 Insta- vishal.shankar66 .

I always try not to miss  reading any article written on #jatinahuja #bbt ... I am  craZy for luxury / luxury cars ..so craZy  for Jatin Ahuja ( a brand in himself)  The only any only way to become #BIGBOY is attacking oppurtunity at right time and make tht opputunity get converted into somthing #BIG- ------ this is what i learnt from this #bigboy ( jatin) ..   #keepgoing #keepgrowing and keep making 🇮🇳 us proud of you.
#PROUDINDIAN 🇮🇳

airline/ aviation professional

Really great

What would you choose at Rs 999 - a clothing piece or a flight ticket?

A tricky question that quickly triggers your mind into questioning your needs. That’s what Cleartrip’s ad did in the newspaper today morning.

A smart way of attracting people to check out their travel offers by comparing it with a normal purchases of a #customer. 

Out of all the current festive season sale ads, Cleartrip’s ad in TOI today is the most engaging, witty & neatly presented. 

Selling commodities is like selling your phone or a car to a second hand buyer. But selling #travel is like selling your house, a much difficult task unless at attractive prices.

What do you think can be other creative ways to sell travel to customers? Thoughts?

The face behind the Indian IT boom, the man who introduced Aadhar Cards in India & a visionary who touched the sky with Infosys- here’s how Nandan Nilekani became the God of India’s tech.

After his graduation from IIT Bombay, Nandan started working with Patni Computers in 1978.

Post that, he was interviewed by the Infosys founder, Narayan Murthy to join his founding team. 

In 1981, he & five other employees left Patni Computers to start Infosys. He became the CEO in 2002 after holding positions of a COO, MD, & President. 

He left Infosys in 2009 to become the chairman of UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India), an administration cabinet ranking position. 

Wondering how he did that?
He was invited by then Prime Minister, Dr. Manmohan Singh to lead UIDAI.

And during his tenure as #chairman, he implemented the Aadhar to help the government create the population database digitally. 

This project launched by him was also called “The Biggest Social Project on the Planet” as it got 1.14 bn people registered to the system!

• From tech to politics:

Nandan had also tried contesting in the 2014 Lok Sabha Elections. 

He had joined Indian National Congress Party from the Bangalore South constituency.

This tech #billionaire’s assets worth Rs 7710 cr (as was filed with the election commission) had made him the wealthiest candidate in the 2014 Lok Sabha election.

But with Modi coming in power, he lost the seat to a BJP candidate.

• The billionaire’s give back:

In 2017, him & his wife pledged to #donate more than 50% of their total wealth to the “Giving Pledge” movement, organized by Bill Gates. 

He is also the chairman of EkStep, a not-for-profit to improve basic literacy for millions of children in India. 

Currently he is working with PM Modi on developing a #tech to compete with Amazon, & also running the fundamentum partnership which raised $227 mn for its second fund. It has two unicorns in its portfolio- Pharmeasy and Spinny. 

Nandan saw the future of internet & tech much before any other global player. 

Who do you think has the same forward looking mindset in our Indian startup ecosystem today?

Did you know the largest marine oil spill in the world had caused bp to pay $65 billion in 2010?

In a bid to do cost cutting, BP took risks that costed them much more. The fee was broken down into,

1. criminal and civil penalties
2. natural resource damages
3. economic and social claims
4. cleanup costs

With 800 mn litres of oil being released into the Gulf of Mexico, the fire not only destroyed BP’s physical property but also destroyed shareholder #wealth. 

From April 19, 2010, to June 25, 2010, BP’s share price came down by 55% after this Deepwater Horizon incident! 

After the spill, the U.S. Environment Protection Agency had #banned BP from bidding for new work in the Gulf of Mexico and supplying fuel to the military. The ban was however lifted after 4 years, in March 2014.

Today, BP is doing great as if this incident never happened. It is one of the strongest investment bets as per Bloomberg as it is focused on returning capital to #shareholders with a recent share buyback announcement, worth $3.5 bn. 

Do you know of any other such multibillion dollar environmental corporate crimes?

Thrilled to have yesterday spoken with teenagers wanting to become entrepreneurs at an event organised by Ryan International School, Malad West, Mumbai and WHITE CANVAS INDIA  

Passing out of school 7 years back, never knew that I would get to address school students at 23. 

The level of creativity, energy & zest that these 14-15 year old students had for their business plans is unbeatable. 

Clearly, the future of #entrepreneurship in India is in great hands & initiatives like Young CEO program & boot camps give a boost to students wanting to startup early.

Where do you think are we headed with teenage entrepreneurship in India?

P.S.: Some of them were so well aware that they even knew of the investors in Ryan International education group :)

From the founders leaving their own startup, to it facing a financial crisis in 2019 to one of the investors becoming the CEO of the startup - here’s how Coverfox Insurance became the 2nd largest integrated platform for insurance in India.

Just as most insurance companies, selling via call centers & pushing products down the customer’s throat was Coverfox's strategy.

However, with an impressive #tech, the startup had managed to raise a total of Rs 385 cr but it failed to keep up its promise to investors who were waiting for a good bottomline!

Their earlier business model failed as it relied only on paid leads with 1000+ callers focused on sales for top line growth. With this, the startup's previous team lost sight of the runway and cash burn.

• Result? 

~ It only generated Rs 5 Cr in #revenue against a cash burn of Rs 10.25 Cr monthly, on an average!!

With this, the whole management team was changed and restructured. Investors were losing confidence but one of their investors Sanjib Jha became the interim CEO considering insurtech in India is poised to become a $13 bn mkt by 2026. He was joined by Piyush Ranjan (CTO), Manish Sultania (CFO) & John Mayne (group business head)
 
• How did the new management change the fate of Coverfox Group?

1. Sanjib turned it around to make it gross #profitable & the second largest integrated web aggregator with over 375 insurance products in the span of just 18 months.
 
Till date directly and through its technology platform, Coverfox cumulatively has sold over Rs 1250 cr + worth of premium.
 
2. Leveraging the superior technology for further penetration into the Indian insurance market, CoverStAck the technology arm of the group was formed. 
 
With its vision of making insurance available for the wider digital population using the power of technology, Coverstack has partnered with 22+ clients & has generated premiums worth over Rs 20 Cr in the last 4 months. 
 
Adding a full-fledged technology business to their portfolio resulted in their revenues to grow 6x along with significant reduction in cash burn.
 
#pivoting at the right time with the right team ensures a startup's survival in a highly competitive market. Agree?

Did you know that all of ROLEX’s profits goes in charity because it is owned by a NGO?

The most luxurious watch company which produces ~2000 watches per day & was the only Swiss watch brand to have sales of CHF 5 bn +, precisely a revenue of CHF 8 bn in 2021 (Rs 67,400 cr) is owned by Hans Wilsdorf Foundation. 

• Was it always an NGO? No.

Upon the death of Hans’ wife in 1944, he established a Foundation in his name, dumped all of his shares there to make sure all income from the Rolex goes to the foundation.

Not just Rolex, but some of the world’s most famous brands are owned by non-profit organizations. Some of them include:

1. Wikipedia – Owned by the Wikimedia Foundation.

2. Mozilla Firefox – Owned by the Mozilla Foundation.

3. National Geographic Channel – Owned by the National Geographic Society (25%) & 21st Century Fox (75%)

4. TED – Owned by the Sapling Foundation

Do you know of other such companies where the profits go fully for charity? 
Why do you think are they owned by NGOs and not companies?

Lido becomes yet another edtech startup to file for bankruptcy!

Before Lido, not one or two, but three other #edtech startups have crashed to the level of filing for insolvency.

• Why is this the case with edtech only in 2022?

1) It is a sector that grew too fast, too soon during the #pandemic. Once the shutters to the world opened, the shutters of these startup shops shut.

• How?

~ Repoening of schools resulted in a huge drop in the number of children enrolling on the online platforms. 

~ This turned the tables for #startups who had to refund their customer fees, and were unable to pay their debts & salaries to the employees. 

One reason why we saw most edtech startups joining the #layoff bandwagon was due to economic downturn and funding drought.

In case of Lido, it tried to survive through a potential M&A when Reliance was in talks to acquire them.

But,
• Customers walking off >>> Mounting losses

Losses can be repaired but once a customer is lost, it’s lost forever. Hence Reliance backed out leaving the Ronnie Screwvala backed Lido in deep trouble. 

Lido Learning is India’s fourth edtech startup to shut operations in 2022 after,

1. Udayy: Which fortunately had some reserves to #refund the money to all customers and pay a generous severance to their team members and teachers. 

So much so, they also helped almost 100% of their employees get into new jobs & are returning the remaining capital to the investors. 

2. SuperLearn: Due to a #funding crunch, they couldn’t survive. Plus their growth stagnated post pandemic.

3. Crejo.Fun: It got so bad with them that they were even looking sell the IP and the product to return investor money.

Funding crunch can still be overcomed but if #growth stops, no one can save a sinking ship.

If BYJUs fails in the edtech market, do you think we will see more investors pull out of the edtech ecosystem?

Why do you think is the edtech market amongst all, facing such bad headwinds?

How the so-called 'female Steve Jobs' in Silicon Valley committed one of the world's biggest startup frauds and misused $700 mn VC money.

Theranos' founder Elizabeth Holmes witnessed a soaring rise with an ambition to revolutionise blood testing only to see a shocking fall with a label of being a '#criminal'.

What pushed Theranos to the skies was a testing technology that required only a drop of blood. But the same tech also pushed them straight underground as the startup got buried when it was revealed that incorrect test results were given to patients!! 

Theranos constantly lied to their board members about the #technology that repeatedly failed quality assurance. The whole company was built on lies!

• How did this startup even start?

~ It was founded in 2003 by the 19-year-old Elizabeth Holmes, a Stanford dropout who used her tuition money to build Theranos.

At its peak in 2014, when Elizabeth was just 30, Theranos raised $700 mn at a $10 bn valuation on a promise to break through the then $70 bn blood #testing market.

Their blood-testing startup pitch was flying high in the Silicon Valley as they claimed to conduct 200+ tests ranging from the basic cholesterol levels to complex genetic analysis, with just a single pinprick of blood.

• The company had become the rising star of Silicon Valley but then what happened?

~ The technology didn’t work!

• How was this revealed?

~ Through a #whistleblower named John who disclosed that Theranos was not using its own tech to conduct tests due to its inefficiency. (His investigation is today an award winning book named, "Bad Blood: Secrets and Lies in a Silicon Valley Startup".)

Elizabeth didn't stay quiet! She outrightly denied everything John said & even threatened to sue him.

But when the FDA & FBI #investigation was carried out, nothing could remain hidden.

In 2018, Theranos declared it is shutting down. They couldn't find a buyer for obvious reasons & their last $700 mn raise came in as a rescue to give cash back to their creditors.

Elizabeth, who wanted to change the world with a revolutionising tech, changed her own world by committing a serious #fraud as she was severely punished with a 20 year jail sentence recently in Jan'22.

This fraud that sent shock waves across Silicon Valley is also documented in a TV series called, 'The Dropout', & even got covered on the big screen with the movie named, 'The Inventor: Out for Blood in Silicon Valley'.

The biggest learning from this scandal: Don't ride the valuation hype train & investigate each startup thoroughly before pumping in money. Agree? What do you think are the other learnings?

How a journalist who started with just Rs 50,000 in 1993 built Network18 into India's largest media empire from a small production company, and just got 3 days to decide if he wants to stay in his own company.

Amidst the news of Adani taking over NDTV, a similar yet more painful event was seen when Raghav Bahl revealed to the Network18 board that Reliance was taking over!

Raghav Bahl had two options when RIL decided to takeover:

1. Lose #control of the media company which he grew for 21 years and become a salaried employee (managing director with an annual salary of Rs 20 cr)
2. Simply quit, which Raghav did!

When RIL spent ₹ 4,000 cr to take complete control of Network18, it was declared as the biggest takeover in India’s #media industry.

• The backstory:

In 2012, Mukesh Ambani’s RIL gave loan in the form of convertible debentures to Network18’s promoter group companies. These were convertible into shares at any time within 10 years. 

Smartly enough, Mukesh Ambani decided to convert after it two-and-a-half years itself as Network18 reduced their losses with the help of the #loan.

The deal was fair but unexpected for Raghav. 

• But why did RIL act in a hurry to takeover?

1. He wanted to get a hold on the gas pricing affair & ensure that nothing goes against him in the media. 

2. He had plans to #takeover the telecom industry with Jio & needed a content factory with 100% control.

Today, RIL has access to all the content put out by the Network18 Group such as,

IBNlive, Moneycontrol, Firstpost, Cricketnext, Homeshop18, bookmyshow, and TV channels such as Colors, CNBC TV18, CNN-IBN, IBN7 and CNBC Awaaz.

And Raghav Bahl went onto to create yet another media powerhouse, ‘Quint’.

Do you think #monopolization of media (now with NDTV) will create lesser space for smaller and differing voices?

Indian founders can now get the best #valuations anywhere in the world without the fear of ‘round-tripping’ as startups can now freely flip their business to access global capital!

How?
~ The central government and the RBI have declared that round-tripping structures do not require #approval from the RBI, given that there is not more than two levels of subsidiaries.

So, is it really an exciting news?
~ For those who flip structures for money laundering by creating subsidiaries all over the world - no! xD
~ For those who genuinely do round tripping for business - yes!

Tech #startups, opting for the overseas direct investment route (ODI) will now see expansion in M&A/ PE activity as the RBI has also allowed investment or disinvestment by an investor, who is under investigation in India, without any approval.

- For investors,
1. The biggest relief: Indian LPs have now been allowed to invest in offshore PE/ VC funds directly without #regulatory approvals. 

Similarly, Indian GPs can now pool funds in GIFT City from domestic and international LPs to invest in Indian/ offshore targets without approvals.

2. VCs & AIFs can now invest in securities (debt/equity) of companies incorporated outside India, even if the investee company has no Indian connection. 

3. SEBI has increased the limit for investors to reinvest their proceeds in foreign companies. Its is now $1.5 bn, up from $750 mn until 2021. This limit might also go up to $3 bn as SEBI is in discussion with RBI.

Startups expand based on subsidiaries in new markets, and the new ODI regulations open up a lot of opportunities. Join us in our webinar today as we discuss about it. 
Registration link: https://lnkd.in/daja5yuG

P.S: Study material on the latest ODI rules (credits: Resolüt Partners): https://lnkd.in/dXq4ckm8

Do you think with these new rules, we will see more Indian funds in GIFT & founders getting active with acquisitions? (BYJUs will be the happiest given their acquisition spree :))

Radically Yours, Vaibhav, Utkarsh, N. Krishna

190,260 followers

The stock markets are considered as pillars for the native and global economies of the world. From the New York Stock Exchange to India’s National Stock Exchange, saying that every stock market is interconnected to each other will not be false. 

India has a great historic past and has seen a lot of ups and downs in its journey till now. The stock markets of India have also witnessed a wide array of challenges. Although the intricacies were always there in the stock market, still the exchanges have found their way right to the place where they are today. 

Knowing about the history of stock exchanges in India is a lot of fun, adventure, and knowledge.

We have divided the timelines as per the events that had taken place in the history of the stock markets of India. 

Let us start with the year 1865 in which India had experienced its first-ever market crash, that too, before the establishment of the Bombay Stock Exchange(we’ll learn more about BSE in subsequent points). The trading activities, at that time, were carried on at the corner of Meadows Street and Rampart Row by some Gujaratis and Parsis. 

In 1861, the demand for cotton had increased after the American Civil War took place. At that time, cotton was the major export commodity for companies in India. This sudden increase in production and export of cotton had put the stocks of cotton manufacturing companies at a sky-rocketed speed. People also started taking interest in cotton industries and had invested a huge sum of money into the stocks. Obviously, they had made huge returns on their investments. Though at the beginning of 1865, the Civil War ended resulting in a sharp decline in demand for cotton. This scarcity of demand had caused a stock market crash in India. 

Later on, in 1874, many market participants transferred themselves to Dalal Street(a street in downtown Mumbai, pilgrimage for every financial activity, the hub of many financial institutions). Just after one year, in 1875, India got its first recognized stock exchange -the Bombay Stock Exchange(BSE).

As stated earlier, the Bombay stock exchange of India (BSE) was established as a ‘native share and stockbroker association’ in the year 1875. It is the oldest stock exchange in Asia. It is even older than the Tokyo stock exchange established in 1878. After its establishment, BSE has evolved itself with time. On 31st August 1957, BSE India obtained permanent recognition from the Government of India under the Securities Contracts(Regulation) Act, 1956. 

Bombay stock exchange has been providing a transparent and systematic marketplace to all people who want to trade or invest. It is also taking significant initiatives in providing knowledge to novice traders through its ‘investor education programs. 

From 1875 till now, BSE has achieved a plethora of milestones and recognition. Some of its achievements are mentioned below: 

Although BSE was doing well in stock trading and has established itself as the primary stock market in India, the transparency and digitalization of facts and information were some of its drawbacks. 

In 1992, the Harshad Mehta scam happened. This incident shocked the entire stock market not just in India but also outside. By that time, we started assuming the need of having a completely transparent trading platform that can be run online and can show the essential facts and information as it is to the investors and traders. 

In 1992, the National stock exchange of India was incorporated to bring transparency in dealing in Indian stock markets. It acquired permanent recognition by the security exchange board of India (SEBI) in 1993 and started its operations in 1994. The National Stock Exchange of India covers 364 cities and towns and provides an on-screen fully automatic trading system to market participants. 

NSE has witnessed a plethora of ups and downs since the time it was launched. Some of NSE’s noticed achievements are listed down below:

Currently, there are only two recognized stock exchanges in India; the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange. But they are not the only ones. After the independence of India, 23 stock exchanges were added to the list of stock markets in India, but only 7 of them are still active. The rest of them have either been exited or dysfunctional by the SEBI. We have already learned about BSE and NSE. Now, the remaining 5 stock exchanges are mentioned in the next heading. 

Calcutta Stock Exchange (CSE) was incorporated in 1908. By its name, it might sound like it is Calcutta’s(then) specific stock exchange but it is operating outside of Kolkata(now), West Bengal. As per SEBI, Calcutta Stock Exchange is now a permanently recognized stock exchange in India. 

India International Exchange (India INX) was incorporated in 2017. With its establishment, India got its first International stock exchange. It manages its operations out of Gujarat International Finance Tec-City, which is a subsidiary of BSE India. It has proposed to offer stocks from Australia, Canada, the US, Japan, the UK, and Europe.  

Metropolitan Stock Exchange (MSE) was incorporated in 2008. It is the modern clearinghouse formed to perform the settlement of contracts involving multiple asset classes. This stock exchange is operating out of Mumbai, Maharashtra. 

It was established in 2016 as a subsidiary of the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE). It functions out of Gujarat International Finance Tec-City. 

What is NSE?

The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is India’s largest stock market. It was incorporated in 1992, the NSE has formed into a sophisticated, digital market, which ranked fourth in the world by equity trading volume.

What is BSE? 

The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) is the first and biggest stock market in India. It was originated in 1875 as the Native Share and Stock Brokers’ Association (NSSBA). The BSE has aided in the growth of India’s stock markets, including the Indian retail debt market, and has served the corporate division of India.

Why does India have two stock markets? 

BSE was the first stock market in India. It has been serving as the largest capital market of India since 1875. Due to the 1992 stock market scam, India felt the need of having a more digitalized and transparent stock marketplace. So, the National Stock Exchange of India was established in 1992 to maintain transparency and fair and square dealing amongst all types of investors within the market.

Why do stocks trade at different prices on different exchanges?

Double listing helps a company to gain access to capital and develops its shares more liquid. The price of the stock of a dual-indexed company on two distinct stock markets should be similar after calculating the exchange rate.

Note: Stockative is your chance to learn from and network with industry leaders as you explore the complex world of investment and trading. We are India's first social network for traders with the sole purpose of bringing rookie and professional traders together.

Get connected with like-minded people, discuss stocks, and grow.

Network with industry leaders & explore the world of investment and trading.

Sign Up Now:-

https://stockative.in

Recently an article appeared in the LiveMint:

Does India really need to identify too-big-to-fail banks?

The FRDI Bill proposes to create a framework for overseeing financial institutions such as banks, insurance companies, non-banking financial services (NBFC) companies, and stock exchanges in case of insolvency. The ‘Resolution Corporation’, proposed in the draft bill, would look after the process and prevent the banks from going bankrupt. It would do this by “writing down of the liabilities”, a phrase some have interpreted as a “bail-in”.

It was felt that just like the resolution plan for borrower manufacturers i.e. in the form of Bankruptcy Code, there should be a law backing resolution mechanism for failing lender banking companies (Banks) also.

Another angle to it may be that in a Crisis situation, without bail-in entire economy would crash due to an uncontrollable chain reaction, it is a prophylactic emergency step.

Most regulators had thought that there were only two options for troubled institutions in 2008:

TAXPAYER (GOVERNMENT) BAILOUTS OR

A SYSTEMIC COLLAPSE OF THE BANKING SYSTEM.

BAIL-INS soon emerged as an attractive third option to recapitalize troubled institutions from within, by having creditors agree to roll over their short-term claims or engage in a restructuring. The result is a stronger financial institution that isn't indebted to governments or external influencers — only its own creditors.

When those who are the most culpable in financial failures of Banks i.e. THE DEBTORS, THE REGULATORS, GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS (FINANCE MINISTRY PERSONNEL) AND BANK PERSONNEL are totally left unaccountable.

CREDITORS, WHO HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THE DEBTORS, BANK MISMANAGEMENT OR REGULATORY FAILURE, ARE ASKED TO SUFFER.

Banks fail due to

o SANCTIONING LOANS WITHOUT ADEQUATE SECURITY AND BUSINESS PURPOSE/ RELEVANCE,

o MISMANAGEMENT,

o NEGLIGENCE/ REFUSAL TO COMPLY WITH REGULATORY FRAMEWORK,

o TENDENCY TOWARDS WINDOW-DRESSING OF ANNUAL REPORTS AND COMPLIANCE NEEDS,

o PROBABLE GRAFT, NEPOTISM,

o MISDIRECTED PATRONAGE OF ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES,

o POLITICAL CLOUT,

o FRIENDLY PRESSURE,

o CORRUPT PURPOSE OF BANK EMPLOYEES AND REGULATOR (RBI) OR

o DUE TO SABOTAGE BY INFILTRATION OF COMPETITORS IN YOUR ORGANIZATION/ BANK.

___________________________

Now, let us start it with an anecdote:

My friend Ghanashyam got promoted as a Bank Manager & got a rural posting

A tribal came for a loan of Rs 2L to buy buffaloes & start selling milk

Ghanshyam asked him for collateral security.

The tribal asked what is collateral security?

Ghanshyam explained that a bank needs an equal amount of security in the form of an asset

The tribal asked since the bank will be charging interest, then why collateral?

Ghanshyam, a little annoyed still kept explaining.

The tribal agreed to keep his house as security

The formalities were completed and a loan of Rs. 2.00 lacs was sanctioned at 9% interest repayable in 5 years.

After 6 months, the guy returned to pay off the entire loan amount

Ghanshyam asked him how is his business to which he replied it is going on very well & he could amass a good amount in a short period

Ghanshyam thought of his Deposit target for March & asked what is he doing with the money earned

He replied that he kept it in his house in a locked box.

Ghanshyam was so happy to hear that. He told the Tribal that he can keep the money with the bank & the bank will pay him interest.

Now comes the most interesting part which describes the state of our banks...

The tribal asked, "What Collateral Security will your bank give??"

________________________

DOWNFALL OF BANKS IN INDIA

Bank of Hindustan, founded 1786. Ended in 1832.

General Bank of Bengal and Bihar which were established in 1773 lasted very few years.

Indian Specie Bank lasted till 1911.

Bengal National Bank – NA

Bombay Merchants Bank – NA

Union Bank which was founded in 1839, failed in 1848 as a consequence of the economic crisis of 1848-49

Bank of Upper India – Started in 1863 and failied in 1913.

Oudh Commercial Bank came into existence in 1881 in Faizabad but failed in 1958.

Palai Central Bank founded in 1927 and closed in 1960

Global Trust Bank ended in 2004 because of scams.

__________________________________

Since 1947 Partition Bank Failures

No. of banks ended their operations after the 1947 partition.

 (YEAR – NO. OF BANKS FAILED)

1947 – 38

1948 – 45

1949 – 55

1951 – 60

1952 – 31

1953 – 31

1954 – 27

1955 – 29

Effect of Economic Recession on Indian Banks

DEPRESSION OF 1913 – 1918:

94 banks in India failed between 1913 and 1918 as a result of recession:

YEAR OF FAILURE – NO. OF BANKS FAILED

1913 – 12 

1914 – 42 

1915 -11 

1916 -13

1917 – 9 

1918 – 7

2008 – Year of Great Depression and its effect on Indian Banks

In recent times the economic crisis which affected majorly to the banks in the United States of America had also resulted in the bankruptcy of 18 Indian co-operative banks during the economic year 01st April 2008 till 31st March 2009.

o  District Cooperative Bank Ltd of Gonda in UP.

o  The Maratha Co-operative Bank of Karnataka

o  Parivartan Co-operative Bank of Maharashtra

o  Ravi Co-operative Bank

o  Indira Priyadarshini Mahila Nagrik Sahakari Bank of Chhattishgarh

o  Varda Co-operative Bank

o  Harugeri Urban Co-operative Bank

o  Kittur Rani Channamma Mahila Pattana Sahakari Bank

o  Challakere Urban Co-operative Bank

o  Basavakalyan Pattana Sahakari Bank

o  Vasantdada Shetkari of Sangli

o  Shri PK Anna Patil Janata Bank

o  South Indian Co-operative Bank Ltd

o  Rohe Ashtami Sahakari Bank Ltd

o  Ajit Sahkari Bank

o  Bhavnagar Mercantile Co-operative Bank

o  Chalisgaoan Cooperative Bank

o  Hirekerur Bank

Coming back to the bank's regulatory mechanism, BANKING REGULATION ACT, 1949 provides a framework using which commercial banking in India is supervised and regulated. The Act supplements the Companies Act. The Act gives the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) the power

o to license banks,

o have regulation over shareholding and voting rights of shareholders;

o supervise the appointment of the boards and management;

o regulate the operations of banks;

o lay down instructions for audits;

o control moratorium, mergers, and liquidation;

o issue directives in the interests of public good and on banking policy, and

o impose penalties.

IT SHOULD INCLUDE THE CREDITORS ALSO, IN RUNNING/ MANAGING BANKS.

NOW, WILL LEGISLATURE/ GOVERNMENT/ REGULATOR GIVE THE CREDITORS OPTION OF REPRESENTATION IN MANAGEMENT OF THESE BANKING BUSINESSES IN A QUID PRO QUO FOR BAIL-INS AS EQUITABLE FIRST PRINCIPLE?

WILL THE GOVERNMENT AGREE FOR CREDITORS’ REPRESENTATIVES IN THE BOARD OF A NORMALLY FUNCTIONING HEALTHY BANK SO THAT THE CREDITORS CAN HAVE A SAY IN RUNNING PRUDENTLY THE BANK?

There should be Trusts formed representing every category of Creditors, e.g. Savings Bank Deposit holder’s Trust, Fixed Deposit holder’s Trust etc, and then these Trusts should get representation in the Board.

_____________________________

Then, what is the gist of changes for Creditors in The FRDI Bill, At present, if a bank becomes insolvent, a depositor gets nothing over and above the insurance limit (of Rs 1 lakh).

But in case a bank becomes insolvent in the FRDI bill regime, the depositor gets the insurance amount (unspecified, surely an enhanced amount, to be decided later after the bill is enacted) and the balance gets converted into a longer-term instrument (i.e. money is not lost).

The contrast is clear. The depositor at least can stake claim over his money once the FRDI Bill (in its current form) comes. Unlike the past where he has to say goodbye to anything above Rs 1 lac.

Politicians of various stripes have started to raise red flags about a provision in a bill that the present Indian government intends to move in the Lok Sabha in the upcoming winter session, which could theoretically allow beleaguered banks and financial institutions to scoop up depositors' money to stop them from going bust.

It is called a "bail-in" - a concept coined during the European banking crisis of 2008-09 - which has been wormed into THE FINANCIAL RESOLUTION AND DEPOSIT INSURANCE (FRDI) BILL.

When a bail-in is triggered, a bank's depositors run the risk of being forced to bear a part of the burden of recapitalizing the entity. In effect, a part of their deposits may have to be written off. That is what happened to bondholders and depositors in Cyprus banks with more than 100,000 euros in their accounts.

Finance ministry officials have said there is no cause for alarm and the provision is meant to ensure emergency capital for banks. They pointed out that banks in India have been fairly well regulated and there have been very few bank failures since 1969 when banks were nationalized.

Some political parties have started voicing deep concern about Section 52 of the bill that could in certain circumstances allow a "specified service provider" - read a bank - to cancel, modify or change the liability that it owes. i.e. It can change/convert the nature of liability of Deposit to a bond or equity of the Bank.

But this will have to be done in consultation with (THE FINANCIAL STABILITY BOARD (FSB), THE RESOLUTION CORPORATION, to be set up under the legislation, which will have THE POWER TO PROVIDE DEPOSIT INSURANCE TO BANKING INSTITUTIONS, find ways to haul a failing bank back from the brink or act as a liquidator in the event that a liquidation order is given.

THE FINANCIAL STABILITY BOARD (FSB):

https://rbi.org.in/Scripts/PublicationReportDetails.aspx…

"This is a serious issue," says a former MP. "The Modi government seems to be surreptitiously sneaking in a measure to institute 'hair-cuts' on depositors' money in a manner that is similar to what we have seen in Greece, Cyprus and other European countries which have gone through an economic crisis."

A note posted by a political party recently said: "If the draft bill gets the nod of Parliament, it will empower THE RESOLUTION CORPORATION to cancel a bank's liability or alter it to another security."

The bail-in instrument may "convert any securities from one class to another, including the creation of a new security in the modification of an existing security", the legislation says.

Before a bail-in instrument is to be activated, THE RESOLUTION CORPORATION will have to inform the central government about the reasons for issuing it in the first place and the effects it will have. A copy of that report will have to be immediately placed before each House of Parliament.

Finance ministry officials, however, played down the campaign against the bail-in provision in the bill.

"The purpose of the 'bail-in' is to help BRING IN EMERGENCY CAPITAL FOR BANKS. It does not mean that this clause will be used and certainly cannot be invoked for PSU banks which are covered fully by the state's sovereign guarantee," said a ministry official.

RISK COVER OF DEPOSITS

At present, a depositor in a bank can draw partial comfort from the fact that his deposit is insured to the extent of Rs 1 lakh with the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation which was set up under an act of Parliament in 1961.

The Rs 1 lakh cover is meant for all deposits of an individual parked in savings bank and current bank accounts and held as fixed deposits, irrespective of how much is parked in these accounts.

The FRDI LEGISLATION will change that significantly. The bill empowers THE RESOLUTION CORPORATION to decide the amount insured for each depositor. Theoretically, it is possible that the insured amount will vary for customers across different banks. It could also vary for different categories of customers within the same bank.

A CORPORATION INSURANCE FUND will be created that will serve as the vehicle through which the deposit insurance will flow.

The corporation, in consultation with the appropriate regulator, shall specify the total amount payable by the corporation to anyone depositor.

The decision on how much the insured amount should be/ will have to be decided by THE REGULATOR, which in the case of the banking industry is the Reserve Bank of India. It would be fair to assume that once the bill is passed, the regulator will clarify the amount to be insured. It has not given any such indication yet whether the sum would be higher or lower than the existing level of Rs 1 lakh.

_______________

STABILITY OF BANKS

THE BANK OF KARAD (BOK) AND THE MUMBAI MERCANTILE CO-OPERATIVE BANK (MCB)

Harshad Mehta did a scam in 1992. Ketan Parekh worked in his firm, who later would be involved in his own replicated scam (in 2004). The instrument used in a big way was THE BANK RECEIPT (BR). In a ready forward deal, securities were not moved back and forth in actuality. Instead, the borrower, i.e. the seller of securities, gave the buyer of the securities a BR. The BR confirms the sale of securities. It acts as a receipt for the money received by the selling bank. Hence the name - BANK RECEIPT. It promises to deliver the securities to the buyer. It also states that in the meantime, the seller holds the securities in the trust of the buyer.

Having figured this out, Mehta needed banks, which could issue fake BRs, or BRs not backed by any government securities. Two small and little known banks - THE BANK OF KARAD (BOK) AND THE MUMBAI MERCANTILE CO-OPERATIVE BANK (MCB) - came in handy for this purpose.

Once these fake BRs were issued, they were passed on to other banks, and the banks, in turn, gave money to Mehta, plainly assuming that they were lending against government securities when this was not really the case

THE BANK OF KARAD (BOK) and THE MUMBAI MERCANTILE CO-OPERATIVE BANK (MCB) - came in handy for this purpose.

BANK OF KARAD (BOK), the old private sector bank started in 1946 from Karad, Maharashtra. It was a victim of the 1992 securities scam. The bank was used by stockbrokers like Bhupen Dalal during the infamous Harshad Mehta-led scam in 1991-92. THE BANK OF KARAD (BOK) was placed under liquidation at the instance of the Reserve Bank by the High Court of Bombay by its ad-interim order dated May 27, 1992. The bank was finally wound up vide winding-up order of the Bombay High Court dated July 20, 1994, and THE BANK OF INDIA took over 48 branches of BOK. It was a forced merger under the direction of the RESERVE BANK OF INDIA (RBI) and Government of India (GOI).

MAIN REASONS/ MOTIVES OF MERGER:

 RBI merged sick banks with the healthy banks to protect depositor's interests.

 BOK was a victim of a 1992 Securities scam.

The bank was used by stockbrokers like Bhupen Dalal during the infamous Harshad Mehta-led scam in 1991-92. Scamsters persuaded the BANK OF KARAD and THE METROPOLITAN COOPERATIVE BANK (MCB) to issue BANK RECEIPTS (BR) as and when required. These BRs could then be used to do ready-forward deals with other banks. The cheques in favour of THE BANK OF KARAD were credited into the brokers’ accounts.

 The only option left out was either liquidation or merger with another strong bank (i.e. THE BANK OF INDIA.)

MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK before the scam

MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK was conducting normal banking activities with a deposit base of Rs 12 billion, of which Rs 6 billion was from other co-operative banks and organizations, while the rest is from the public. Depositors had put huge deposits after the bank had received scheduled bank status from THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA.

WHEN DID THE TROUBLE START?

THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA restricts co-operative banks from capital market activities. Scheduled co-operative banks are allowed to invest 10 percent of their net worth in capital markets and allied activities.

MADHAVPURA's cash reserve ratio (CRR) and statutory liquidity ratio (SLR) were in line with THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA norms in the third quarter ended on December 31, 2000. It is believed that in the last two months, the bank has made extensive and imprudent advances.

MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK chairman Ramesh Parikh had accommodated big bull Ketan Parekh, with whom he had business dealings. It is believed that advances to the tune of Rs 2 billion have been given by Ramesh Parikh to big bull Ketan Parekh.

If this was not sufficient, there are other allegations. Ramesh Parikh's son Vinit Parikh runs a company called Madhur Capital and Finstock Limited, which deals in shares. Parikh is alleged to have paid off his son's dues at the stock market through MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK’s fund. According to market sources, Vinit Parikh incurred losses of Rs 500 million in the recent stock market crash.

THE RUN ON THE BANK

On March 8, residents of Ahmedabad heard rumours of the bank having granted a bank guarantee of Rs 1.5 billion to Ketan Parekh. This resulted in panic among the depositors who started withdrawing deposits. The next day the bank faced a liquidity crisis and since then the bank has been in trouble.

WHY DID THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA SUPERCEDE THE BANK BOARD?

Faced with an acute liquidity crisis, MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK has been forced to pull down the shutters of its branches in Ahmedabad and Bombay.

A preliminary inquiry conducted by THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA revealed that the bank's liquidity position was precarious after it issued pay-orders of Rs 650 million to the depositors. However, the bank was not in a position to honour pay-orders amounting to Rs 650 million, which was issued by the bank. This situation forced THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA to recommend the Central Registrar of Co-operative Banks to supersede the board of the bank and appoint an Administrator.

HOW IS BANK OF INDIA INVOLVED?

Bank of India is the worst hit in the pay-order scam from MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE CO-OPERATIVE BANK. MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK had issued pay-orders worth Rs 1.2 billion to Ketan Parekh. In turn, Parekh had discounted these pay-orders, which bounced later.

A pay-order is similar to a demand draft but is valid only in the same center. The issuing bank is required to debit the account of the person who takes the pay-order. Thus the other bank, that receives the instrument, safely presumes that the money has already been recovered by the issuing bank and the instrument is secured. The difference in the case of MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK was that the money was not debited, and Vinit Parikh's company Madhur Capital was instrumental in the issuance of a large number of pay-orders, that were dishonoured.

WHO ARE THE MAIN CULPRITS?

MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK’s chairman Ramesh Parikh, the bank's CEO Devendra Pandya, Madhur Capital, and Ketan Parekh are the culprits.

WHAT IS THE STATUS OF COLLATERAL SECURITIES?

THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA has carried out investigations but the final findings of the report have not been disclosed. It is believed that considering the business relationship of Ramesh Parikh and Ketan Parekh, not enough collateral had been sought.

Ketan Parikh was involved in a scam, which was investigated by THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA. On 13 March 2001 THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA found out that the MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK'S net worth was −₹1,147.13 crores (US$180 million), its deposit erosion was 90.9% and gross non-performing assets were 88.2% and ₹1,192.81 crores (US$190 million). The next day, the registrar superseded the board and appointed an administrator as the overseer of the bank. On 23 August a scheme for the reconstruction of the bank was approved by THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA for a period of 10 years. Further investigations revealed that after chairman Ramesh Chandra Parikh's son Vinit had lost ₹50 crores (US$7.9 million) in the stock-market crash, his losses were paid for through the bank's funds.

By February 2004 the bank was able to recover ₹200 crores (US$31 million) from other banks; Ketan Parekh had returned only ₹6 crores (US$940,000).[10] He was arrested that August, and in December a special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) court set up for the case canceled Parekh's conditional bail after he failed to pay the promised ₹380 crores (US$60 million). In June 2003, a New Delhi court granted the CBI a five-day remand of the two Maniar Group stockbrokers – Shirish Manyar and Mukesh Babu. Charge sheets were filed against MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK chairman Parikh, its CEO Devendra Pandya, Ketan Parekh, and his associate Dharmesh Joshi. Joshi's bank account in London containing £6 million was frozen by the CBI in March 2006.

RESERVE BANK OF INDIA found out on 31 March 2011 that the bank's net assets were worth -₹1,316.50 crores (US$210 million) and deposit erosion was 100 percent, the gross non-performing assets were -₹1,126.55 crores (US$180 million) and losses were ₹1,357.41 crores (US$210 million). After the reconstruction scheme expired on 23 August 2011 and after seeing no major improvement in the bank's performance THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA advised the Government of India on 26 December to liquidate the bank. On 4 January 2012, the Central Task Force for Cooperative Urban Banks also gave the same advice to the Government of India.

THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA issued a show-cause notice to the bank on 16 March 2012 asking why its banking license should not be canceled. The cooperative bank replied that the main reason for the failure of the restructuring scheme was the unwillingness of the other cooperative banks to fulfill their commitments and it suggested another revival plan in which an NRI was willing to give ₹500 crores (US$79 million) to the bank for a period of 10 years through the World Bank. It was able to recover only ₹3 crores (US$470,000) from public defaulters and ₹800 crores (equivalent to ₹23 billion or US$360 million in 2017) were debt on Ketan Parekh. Also, the bank neither had any background information regarding the NRI who was willing to help nor the source of his funds. Seeing this THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA canceled the bank's license with effect from 4 June 2012.

As of 5 June, 2012 Parekh had paid only ₹329 crores (US$52 million). Parekh alone had to pay ₹569 crores (US$89 million) at the interest rate of 12% per year resulted ₹668 crores (US$100 million).

As of June 2013, 700 civil and 230 criminal cases filed by the bank were pending in various courts. Several cases were filed against the bank and in 70 of these cases trial hadn't begun as of March 2014. One of the accused Ramesh Chandra Parikh, former chairman of the bank died in 2007 while in judicial custody. In January 2011 the public prosecutor in the case, Chetan Shah demanded re-investigation of the case.

After the scam was unfolded THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA restricted the cooperative banks from providing money to brokerage firms, giving assistance against securities such as shares and debentures, and formed task forces to formulate revival plans for the banks that were affected. In most cases, the affected bank was merged into a bigger Urban Cooperative Bank. The banking regulatory authority increased the number of inspections of balance sheets of cooperative banks from once in two years to every year. A parliamentary panel was set up to investigate the stock market scam. The panel found out that the urban cooperative banks were manipulating their activities and that in absence of any inspecting authority many brokerage firms were using funds provided by these banks to manipulate the market. After the scam cooperative banks found it difficult to win back the trust and confidence of their customers. Chairman of THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF URBAN COOPERATIVE BANKS & CREDIT SOCIETIES LTD, H K Patil had said.

At a time when THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA of India did not allow banks to lend more than Rs 15 crore to stockbrokers, MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK had fraudulently issued pay orders worth Rs 12 crore to Mumbai-based stock broker Parekh, and huge sums to Babu and Maniar.

MADHAVPURA MERCANTILE COOPERATIVE BANK has offered its borrowers the final opportunity to settle their dues. In a press note, in April 2016 the bank said the scheme will cover all accounts except those of Ketan Parekh, Mukesh Babu and Sirish Maniar of Maniar Group.

Let us see a classic case of GLOBAL TRUST BANK (INDIA) (GTB).

GLOBAL TRUST BANK (INDIA) (GTB) was founded on 21 October 1994 and commenced operations at Secunderabad. Its founders included RAMESH GELLI (its first Chairman), SRIDAR SUBASRI, AND JAYANT MADHOB, among others. The bank introduced a number of technology-based innovations and responsive service.

GTB was involved in the stock market scam of 2001 that the stockbroker Ketan Parekh ran. GTB lent heavily to individuals speculating in the stock market; when the market crashed the bank suffered extensive losses. One consequence was that merger talks with UTI Bank fell through. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) forced Gelli to resign. Gelli's successor resigned after six months, and Gelli's son joined the board of directors. In 2004, Gelli briefly returned to the bank in February 2004 before being again forced to resign.

RBI examined GTB's accounts for 2001-02 and found that GTB's net worth had turned negative, but did not close the bank. GTB did not address its problems. Instead, and despite its dire straits, GTB continued to grow. It had 87 branches in 2002-2003 and grew to 103 branches before the RBI forced it to close. It also paid interest on deposits at a rate equal to or better than other banks in its area. GTB sought to recapitalize itself by bringing in new investors. In mid-2004 GTB was in close talks with Newbridge Capital. Newbridge was to invest US$200million, subject to RBI approval. However, RBI was reluctant to permit private investors to restructure GTB.

The RBI issued a Moratorium Order on 24 July 2004. Before GTB's winding up, Goldman Sachs owned 4% of the bank and the International Finance Corporation owned 5%. Oriental Bank of Commerce acquired GTB on 14 August 2004. Shareholders in GTB received nothing for their shares; depositors, however, suffered no loss. After acquiring GTB, OBC discovered that GTB's situation was even worse than it had appeared at the time of acquisition. OBC did gain an increased presence in the southern parts of India, where its presence had been weak and GTB's was extensive.

GTB had been leaner than OBC. OBC had ten times the staff and branches than GTB, but only four to five times as much in the form of deposits, investments, or advances.

The instance was when GLOBAL TRUST BANK (INDIA) (GTB) almost went belly up after taking an exposure to capital markets that breached regulatory caps. GTB was eventually merged with ORIENTAL BANK OF COMMERCE and none of its 1 million depositors lost any money. GTB shareholders, however, had to take a hit.

___________________

In what is known as DERIVATIVE SCAM Banks suffered a heavy loss.

THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA slapped a maximum penalty, according to THE BANKING REGULATION ACT, on 19 commercial banks for mis-selling illegal derivative products to exporters in 2011.

The following article appeared in THE HINDU at that time

Mis-selling of derivative products: RBI acts

ROYAPETA BENEFIT FUND (RBF) a Non-banking Finance Company (Nidhi company) had defaulted Rs.454 Crores of deposit amount to 1, 92,000 depositors during the year 1999. After that within a couple of years in a series of defaulting Nidhi Companies increased to more than ten.

The Economic Offences Wing (in Department of Company Affairs) in bringing the culprits in the eyes of law, who defrauded the depositors in co-ordination with the other agencies like the Board of Directors appointed by the CLB and the OL. Cases were filed in High Court for dissolution of the Nidhi and criminal cases were filed against the Directors of the Nidhi.

The total amount involved (in case of RBF alone): Rs.454 Crores.

Total no. of depositors: 1, 92,000

Police complaints: Rs.32 Crores (20, 000 depositors).

Amount settled: Rs.133.37 Crores @ 25%.

58, 653 depositors got their full amount (for deposits up to Rs.5, 000/-).

Last refund made during January 2006.

Remaining amount to be settled: Rs.320.62 Crores for 1, 33,347 depositors.

A sum of Rs.9.5 Crores is available with OL for the next disbursement.

Seven accused convicted for two years imprisonment and Rs.10, 000/- fine during March 2005.

The criminal appeal filed by the convicted accused is pending in the Honourable High Court.

Preliminary investigation revealed that Rs. 120 crores was advanced to a firm called BALAJI GROUP, whose CMD Mr. MR. SRINIVASALU REDDY was a former RBF director. Similarly, it is alleged that a sum of Rs. 40 crores were loaned to two persons- MR. PANDEY AND MR. PRADEEP KOTHARI. It is also charged that the ALSA Group of companies had obtained Rs.30 crores from RBF for business purposes.

Four directors of THE ROYAPETA BENEFIT FUND (RBF) were arrested by the City Crime Branch police on charges of cheating thousands of depositors to the tune of Rs. 370 crores. Police identified the arrested persons as MESSRS. VENKATESAN, NIRMAL KUMAR, HUBERT FENELON, AND UNNI.

______________________

In the Kingfisher Airlines Loan case, the information has surfaced that the Guarantees provided for the Debt were steeply overvalued by Consortium of Banks

A new scam has surfaced in the Banking sector involving Diamond Trader Nirav Modi

Nirav Modi bribes several PNB senior staffs (Salaried class employees) to provide bank guarantees without any verified credit rating/ material guarantee asset with the bank in 2011

Using these fraudulent bank guarantees (with no verified credit rating/ guaranteeing asset) he raised several loans from foreign banks

Now that Nirav Modi has defaulted on foreign loans, so the bank is left to pay his loans to foreign banks due to default because they have pledged guarantee to his loans.

Nirav Modi has reportedly sought 6 months’ time from PNB to repay the loan

Nirav Modi left India on 1 January.

On 15 February, ED raided nine premises of entities involved in the case. ED files money laundering case against Nirav Modi, others

CBI receives two complaints from Punjab National Bank (PNB) against Nirav Modi, alleging fraudulent transactions to the tune of Rs 11,292 crore.

The bank suspended 10 officials in connection with the case

Two complaints had also been filed regarding alleged fraud of Rs 280 crore was reported against Modi and others in January.

The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) received two complaints from Punjab National Bank (PNB) against Nirav Modi, alleging fraudulent transactions to the tune of Rs 11,292 crore. These two complaints come just a few weeks after an alleged fraud of Rs 280 crore was reported against Modi and others in January.

Government sources said that Modi and his family fled the country in the first week of January much before the CBI received a complaint from PNB on 29 January.

Nirav Modi's brother Nishal Modi, a Belgian citizen, also left India on 1 January. Nirav Modi's wife, who is an American citizen, left India on 6 January and Mehul Choksi fled on 4 January, official sources told news agency ANI.

CBI had issued lookout circulars against all accused on 31 January.

A total of 150 lookout circulars were issued to Nirav Modi by the PNB as per the complaint filed to CBI

The Central Bureau of Investigation questioned Punjab National Bank bank officials in connection with the Nirav Modi fraud case but no arrests have been made yet, ANI reported. On Wednesday, the bank had suspended 10 officials from its Mumbai branch.

In his press briefing, Union Minister RS Prasad said, "No one in the banking system who has helped Nirav Modi shall be spared. No matter what designation the person holds, we will take strict measures."

_____________________

The FRDI legislation, however, introduces the idea of systemically important financial institutions, which became a buzz phrase after the global economic crisis of 2008.

Basically, it creates the notion of banks that are perceived as "too big to fail" and therefore forces regulators to step in with a bailout plan.

The theory suggests that some financial institutions are so large and so interconnected that their failure would be disastrous to the economic system with the potential of having knock-on effects.

India has already embraced this concept and has designated three banks - State Bank of India, ICICI Bank, and HDFC Bank - as systemically important, which subjects them to higher levels of compliance with tough prudential standards.

India's banking sector is currently in the throes of distress as a bad loans problem has erupted in the wake of several years of slow industrial growth.

According to the RBI's Financial Stability Report released in June 2017, the gross non-performing advances (NPAs) or bad loans to total deposits ratio of all banks stood at 9.6 percent as of March 2017. State-run banks currently have an even higher bad loan ratio of 13.69 percent.

In a related case to Global Trust Bank, In Central Bureau of Investigation Bank Securities and Fraud Cell Vs Ramesh Gelli and Others in the Supreme Court on 23 February 2016, SC lashed out at legislature for leaving a gap in amending work in the related field, that there were anomalies between the two statutes. Which has huge implications for banks, regulators, and consumers. That corresponding amendment in Section 46A of the Banking Regulation Act (BRA) was missing.

Poor attention to detail by the law ministry meant that changes in the Indian Penal Code, in line with changes to the PCA, were not accompanied by a simultaneous amendment to Section 46A of the Banking Regulation Act (BRA). The SC order, in dealing with this omission said, “Section 46-A of Banking Regulation Act, 1949, cannot be left meaningless and requires harmonious construction.” Pertinently, the substance of Section 46A would not be defeated merely because the Prevention of Corruption Act deleted a few Sections from the Indian Penal Code without making corresponding changes to the BRA.

In another related case to Global Trust Bank, In Ramesh Gelli Vs The Inspector of Police on 28 August 2017 in the Madras High Court, said that Even a Private Sector Bank employee is also a Public Servant for purposes of Prevention of Corruption Act

____________

Story of Corruption, nepotism and crony capitalism in Yes Bank

Since its inception in 2003, Yes Bank rapidly expanded its corporate loan book by aggressively lending to corporates. Rana Kapoor, then-managing director, and CEO is known to be a risk-taker, lending to even stressed companies.

A report by UBS, a global financial services firm, flagged the rapid rise in Yes Bank’s loan book to stressed companies in 2015. The bank, displeased by the report, registered a complaint with SEBI against the firm.

Chairman Ashok Chawla resigned in November 2018 after being named in a corruption charge sheet by CBI. This was closely followed by the resignation of an independent director, raising fresh concerns about the bank. Rating agencies began downgrading debt instruments of the bank, citing the potential impact of the resignations on capital-raising plans and the uncertainty around Kapoor’s successor.

In February 2019, the bank announced that a risk assessment report conducted by the Reserve Bank of India did not find any divergence in the recognition of bad debts. A day later, RBI pulled up the bank for selectively disclosing a confidential report. RBI, THE REGULATOR POINTED OUT THAT THE REPORT HAD REVEALED SEVERAL LAPSES AND REGULATORY BREACHES IN THE BANK’S FUNCTIONING, AND THE SELECTIVE DISCLOSURE BY THE BANK WAS A DELIBERATE ATTEMPT TO MISLEAD.

The bank faced a slew of fines from the RBI for the violation of various norms, which included non-compliance with the Swift system and prepaid instrument regulations, among others. The April board meeting approved fundraising of up to $1 billion in one or more tranches. Fundraising became imperative as the bank reported a loss of Rs 1,507 crore on account of higher bad debt provisions in the fourth quarter of 2018-19.

Rana Kapoor pledged his entire 7.34 percent stake against a loan, which led to the share price plunging. Kapoor started selling his shares and completely exited the bank by December 2019.

Yes Bank, under Gill, made several unsuccessful attempts to raise capital in the last few months. It only managed to raise $270 million in August and failed in all its subsequent attempts. Dodgy investors, continual downgrades, and allegations of insider trading by a former board member all added to the bank’s woes, forcing the central bank to step in with a reconstruction plan.

The Reserve Bank of India placed Yes Bank, India’s fourth-largest private lender, under moratorium Thursday, March 7 2020, and capped deposit withdrawals, triggering widespread confusion and investor panic. The board of the bank, which was founded by Rana Kapoor and Ashok Kapur in 2003, was superseded amidst concerns of its weakening financial position.

CBI had registered the case on March 7 for alleged cheating, fraud, criminal conspiracy in sanctioning of loans by YES Bank and in exchange receiving kickbacks of Rs 600 crores by Rana Kapoor from DHFL promoter Dheeraj and Kapil Wadhawan. The Central Bureau of Investigation filed a charge sheet against Yes Bank’s co-founder Kapoor under the Prevention of Corruption Act and Indian Penal Code. There was no need for sanction for prosecution under IPC sections 420 (cheating), 409 (criminal breach of trust by public person).

After Enforcement Directorate (ED), the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on June 25, 2020, Thursday filed a prosecution complaint, also known as charge sheet, against YES Bank co-founder Rana Kapoor, his family members, and 11 others at the Sessions Court in Mumbai.

The 100-plus page charge sheet also named DHFL, its promoters Wadhawans, DOiT Urban Ventures Ltd (DUVPL), owned by Kapoor's daughters, as accused in the YES Bank scam.

According to CBI, Rana Kapoor in his tenure had extended credit facilities to DHFL through YES Bank and in return taken huge monetary benefits for himself and his hundreds of companies controlled by him and his family.

CBI in his first information report mentioned that, the scam started taking shape between April and June 2018 when Yes Bank invested Rs 3,700 crore in short-term debentures of the debt-laden DHFL.

In return, the Wadhawans allegedly paid kickbacks of Rs 600 crore to Rana Kapoor and his family members in the form of loans to DoIT Urban Ventures. Another suspicious loan of Rs 750 crore granted by Yes Bank to a company controlled by Kapil and Dheeraj Wadhawan is also under probe by the agency.

ED in its charge sheet filed in May under anti-money laundering laws highlighted Kapoor’s illegal gratification amounting to Rs 5,050 crore. Along with several irregularities in distributing bank loans to corporate entities, by misusing his official position, creating shell companies for laundering money, defaults, and creating tainted assets.

Other than Kapoor, the ED complaint named his wife Bindu, three daughters-- Rakhee, Roshini, and Radha--and three firms, Morgan Credits, RAB Enterprises (India), and Doit Urban Ventures, allegedly controlled by them.

The Enforcement Directorate on Friday, Sep 25, 2020, attached jailed Yes Bank founder Rana Kapoor’s flat in London worth Rs 127 crore, NDTV reported. Kapoor bought the property in 2017 for 9.9 million pounds (Rs 92.8 crore) in the name of Doit Creations Jersey Ltd, the Enforcement Directorate said in a statement.

“Information from a reliable source revealed that Rana Kapoor is trying to alienate this property in London and that he has hired a reputed property consultant,” the Enforcement Directorate said, according to the Hindustan Times. “Inquiries from open sources confirmed that this property has been listed for sale on several websites.”

In March, capital-starved Yes Bank was placed under a moratorium.

The government rescued Yes Bank by asking the State Bank of India (SBI) to infuse Rs 7,250 crore and take a 45 percent stake in the Yes Bank.

How the collapse of Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank left thousands in distress

The virtual collapse of Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank following grave financial irregularities left thousands of depositors in distress.

Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank, had been placed under ‘directions’ of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) for six months, after irregularities had been found in lending. This meant that the RBI was practically taking over the bank’s operations. Crucially, it meant that customers could withdraw only up to ₹1,000 of the total balance in any account they had in the bank.

Questionable dealings

PMC Bank is a multi-State scheduled urban cooperative bank with operations in Maharashtra, Delhi, Karnataka, Goa, Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, and Madhya Pradesh. Started in 1984 as a single branch bank, it now has 137 branches.

It is alleged that PMC Bank had been hiding bad loans for a long time. Addressing a press conference soon after the RBI barred the bank from carrying out its routine transactions, the suspended Managing Director of PMC Bank, Joy Thomas, admitted that ₹2,500 crore of exposure TO THE HOUSING DEVELOPMENT AND INFRASTRUCTURE LIMITED (HDIL) GROUP had been left unnoticed in the annual audit of RBI. Thomas was arrested days after the press conference.

But how did the fraud come to the surface? The RBI said a complaint had been filed by PMC Bank against its officials and borrowers associated with the financial irregularities in the bank and manipulation of its books of accounts. Based on this, THE ECONOMIC OFFENCES WING (EOW) of the Mumbai Police registered an FIR against officials of the bank as well as the HDIL group. Shortly thereafter, THE ENFORCEMENT DIRECTORATE, too, registered a separate offence under THE PREVENTION OF MONEY LAUNDERING ACT, 2002.

The directions imposed by the RBI in September 2019, under sub-section (1) of Section 35A of THE BANKING REGULATION ACT of 1949, also barred the bank from extending any new loans or making any investments, except in government securities. The bank was allowed to pay salaries to the staff and also rent, as well as renew term deposits of customers on maturity.

The restrictions triggered a huge public outcry as customers were unable to withdraw their savings. This prompted the RBI to gradually increase the withdrawal limits. On September 26, the deposit withdrawal limit was increased to ₹10,000, and on October 3, to ₹25,000. On October 14, the limit was raised to ₹40,000, and on November 5, further to ₹50,000. With withdrawal limits raised to ₹50,000, 78% of the depositors of the bank can now withdraw their entire account balance.

The move by RBI came as a surprise at first because PMC Bank’s financials were not in a bad shape. The bank has made a net profit of ₹99.69 crore in 2018-19 as compared to ₹100.90 crore in the previous year. The net non-performing asset ratio of the bank was 2.19% as of end-March 2019, which is much lower than many public sector banks. The deposit base of the bank was ₹11,617 crore as of end-March 2019, a growth of 17% a year, while advances growth was 13% to ₹8,383 crore. The police, too, has confirmed that the bank’s finances were not in troubled waters.

“Inquiries have revealed that there was a systematic effort to hide the loans advanced to HDIL in THE BANK’S ANNUAL AUDIT. CRUCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE BORROWINGS OF HDIL WAS KEPT SUPPRESSED, AND FALSIFIED RECORDS WERE FURNISHED TO THE RBI, WITH THE CHAIRMAN, MD, AND MEMBERS OF THE LOAN COMMITTEE ALL BEING INVOLVED. More people opened accounts with the bank as a rosy picture was projected.

According to our investigations, HDIL’S ACCOUNTS SHOULD HAVE BEEN DECLARED AS NON-PERFORMING ASSETS in 2013 itself,” an EOW officer, who is part of the investigation, said.

According to the EOW’s estimate based on the documents examined so far, the outstanding debt of HDIL stands at ₹4,635.62 crore as of August 2019.

Seizing the assets

THE EOW FOUND 21,049 ACCOUNTS THAT WERE IN THE NAME OF FICTITIOUS PARTIES, WHICH HAD BEEN USED TO REPLACE THE 44 ACTUAL ACCOUNTS OF THE HDIL GROUP IN THE BANK’S RECORDS. The amount advanced to the HDIL group was spread out evenly in the fictitious accounts. This was why the outstanding balance on paper was significantly lower than the actual balance.

From September 30, when the FIR was filed, to date, THE EOW AND THE ENFORCEMENT DIRECTORATE have collectively attached assets belonging to Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan and his son Sarang Wadhawan, promoters of the HDIL group, worth ₹3,800 crore. The EOW has also filed an application in the court, seeking permission to release the assets, so that they can be auctioned off and the depositors compensated. The assets include large tracts of land in Thane district, high-end cars, speed boats, and a private aircraft. The auction is supposed to begin within 14 days of the assets being released, with the RBI overseeing the process of using the proceeds of the auction to reimburse the depositors.

The RBI has appointed an administrator along with the three-member advisory committee for speedier resolution. It was on the administrator’s recommendation that the plea seeking discharge of the assets was filed. The Wadhawans, through their lawyer, have already conveyed to the Enforcement Directorate, the EOW and the RBI that they have no objections to their assets being sold off to compensate the customers. “We urge THE ENFORCEMENT DIRECTORATE AND THE EOW to take timely action by disposing of the assets to get the fair market value for the same. We further give our unconditional consent for the appropriation of the money received from the sale of these assets to be adjusted and appropriated towards the principal loan amount procured by us,” a letter signed by them on October 16, 2019, stated.

The customers, however, are not convinced. “What is the guarantee that someone will even buy the tainted assets?” a customer who banked with the PMC’s Santacruz branch, said.

Eleven account holders with various branches of the bank have lost their lives due to various medical problems since the crisis broke. Apart from pacifying the depositors, whose anger mounted with every life lost, the police also had its hands full trying to dispel the rumours surrounding the issue.

Meanwhile, the EOW arrested Sarang and Rakesh Wadhawan; former chairman of PMC Bank, Waryam Singh; former PMC Bank Managing Director, Joy Thomas; and Director Surjit Singh Arora in connection with the case. All of them are in judicial custody and are lodged in the Arthur Road central jail.

With the process of compensating the depositors under way and some of the key accused under arrest, the next task for the EOW was to pinpoint culpability on the part of all the parties involved, including the auditors who conducted the audits.

Auditors face the music

The EOW identified two auditors, JAYESH SANGHANI OF ASHOK JAYESH AND ASSOCIATES, AND KETAN LAKDAWALA OF LAKDAWALA AND CO. Both were brought in for questioning on November 11 and grilled for hours. They were confronted with the financial records of the bank. The results of the sustained questioning yielded evidence of not only wilful negligence but also signs of a larger conspiracy.

The EOW first asked both of them to explain how the gross irregularities in HDIL’s loans alone had managed to slip through their scrutiny year after year. When they could not provide satisfactory explanations, they were placed under arrest.

“We also found that the two auditors had been appointed by Thomas and Singh on specific instructions from the Wadhawans. This is not only a contravention of the Multi-State Co-operative Societies Act, but also indicates that the whole fraud was planned well in advance by the Wadhawans and the PMC Bank officials. Both of them have been functioning as auditors of the bank for more than two decades,” the EOW officer said.

The EOW’s application seeking custody of SANGHANI AND LAKDAWALA also mentions that the agency has received information about both the auditors having had other business dealings with the Wadhawans in the past. The EOW is now trying to find evidence, either in the form of documents or testimony, to establish this beyond doubt. Both the auditors are also facing a separate inquiry by the Institute of Chartered Accountants. A third auditor, ANITA KIRDAT, was arrested on November 13. She was a concurrent auditor and used to conduct monthly audits.

Meanwhile, the other directors have all gone underground. An EOW team is at present in Punjab, working on a tip-off that two of the directors, Daljit Singh Bal and Gurnam Singh Hothi, might be hiding there. Bal, like Arora, was a director of the bank and on the loans committee till the time its affairs were taken over by the RBI.

Two other directors, Parmeet Sodhi and Surjit Singh Narang, filed anticipatory bail applications, which were rejected by the Sessions Court on November 11.

 “The crisis is a case of gross negligence not just by the bank but by the RBI. Those concerned should also be booked and arrested. The Indian banking system will not improve unless such strict steps are taken, and account holders will continue to suffer. What happened amounts to criminal negligence,” advocate Nitin Satpute, who is representing the depositors, said. Satpute filed independent applications on November 6 opposing the anticipatory bail pleas submitted by Sodhi and Narang.

Earlier, on September 30, another group of depositors, filed petitions before the Bombay High Court seeking withdrawal of the restrictions on the bank’s transactions. The court has sought a formal reply from the RBI regarding the steps taken so far to protect the interests of the depositors.

“You are the banker’s bank. We are not inclined to interfere or dilute your authority. We just want to know what you are doing,” Justice S. Dharmadhikari, who was hearing the petition along with Justice Riyaz Chagla, told the RBI’s lawyer at a hearing on November 4.

The grievance against the RBI has also been voiced repeatedly by depositors in several meetings that Mumbai Police Commissioner Sanjay Barve had with them at the Mumbai Police headquarters in Crawford Market. The meetings were held to apprise the depositors of the progress in the case and more than one of them lamented that there has been no coherent response from the RBI so far.

Barve, who also has a banking background, confirmed that the whole crisis arose from A CRIMINAL BREACH OF TRUST ON PART OF THE BANK, an institution that is supposed to safeguard the interests of the depositors but did exactly the opposite.

Not all the depositors, however, have much faith in protests.

“I attended a protest a month ago but only saw political leaders taking the opportunity to further their own agendas. I have seen enough protests happening over the issue to know that they are bringing no results. The system will take its own time and maybe, someday, we can have full access to our own money again,” Chris Lobo said.

******

The administrator of Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank has reached out to potential bidders, including NBFCs, industrialists, and payments banks, to bail out the troubled lender with a minimum capital infusion of ₹3,500 crores, said two people aware of the matter, requesting anonymity.

The decision to go for an open bidding process was prompted by PMC Bank’s failed attempts to receive any offer of interest from other lenders. Cooperative banks and scheduled commercial banks have refused to bail out PMC Bank, said the people cited above.

“The RBI has been very cautious in giving universal banking licences. PMC Bank has a full-fledged licence. So, this is a good opportunity for non-banks to take it over. One-third of the losses will also be covered in income tax rebate," said the first person.

With the amendment of the Banking Regulation Act, cooperative banks were brought under the regulatory framework of the RBI. The new investor can request for conversion of the cooperative bank into a small finance bank. The administrator can then approach the RBI to get the bank registered as a private sector bank.

“Once the approval is in place, the assets and liabilities of the bank will be transferred to the new entity. For liquidity support, DICGC (Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corp., an RBI subsidiary) can also extend support," said the second person.

“After covid, all banks are under stress. Why should they pick up a bank where they are asked to put in a huge amount of money? There is nothing substantial that the investing bank would get. In the old days, having a branch network was an attraction. Today, it is no longer the case. So, this is an attractive proposition for potential investors to enter the banking sector," he added.

However, challenges remain with regards to converting PMC into a small finance bank. “Even as PMC Bank is a full-fledged bank, converting into an SFB will reduce it to a bank with limited functions. Thereafter, it will have to wait for a long to convert it into an universal bank. This will be a long process and will depend on the RBI’s terms and conditions," he said.

Last week, the administrator A.K. Dixit had invited expressions of interest from prospective equity investors for the reconstruction of the bank. The objective is to identify a suitable equity investor or group of investors willing to take over management control to revive the bank. The new investors could be financial institutions, including banks and NBFCs, micro-finance institutions controlled by residents, resident individuals, companies, societies, trusts, or any other such entities.

PMC Bank had total deposits of ₹10,727.12 crores, total advances of ₹4,472.78 crore, and gross non-performing assets worth ₹3,518.89 crores as of 31 March. Its share capital was ₹292.94 crores, and it registered a net loss of ₹6,835 crores in FY20. The bank has a negative net worth of ₹5,850.61 crores.

The capital of ₹292.94 crores has totally eroded. Even deposits of 6,835 crores (Out of total capital of ₹10,727.12 crores) have been eroded.

LAKSHMI VILAS BANK: NOW 94-YEAR OLD BANK PART OF HISTORY

Started by a group of seven businessmen of Karur in Tamil Nadu under the leadership of V S N Ramalinga Chettiar in 1926, LVB has 566 branches and 973 ATMs spread across 19 states and Union Territories.

Their initial objective was to cater to the financial needs of people in and around Karur who were occupied in trading businesses, industry, and agriculture. The bank was incorporated on 3 November 1926 under the Indian Companies Act, 1913, and obtained the certificate to commence business on 10 November 1926. Subsequent to the introduction of the Banking Regulations Act, 1949 and the Reserve Bank of India as the regulator for the banking sector, the bank obtained its banking license from RBI on 19 June 1958, and on 11 August 1958, it became a ‘scheduled commercial bank’ signifying capability to operate as a full-fledged commercial bank.

Lakshmi Vilas Bank saw considerable expansion of its branch network during the period of 1961 to 1965 when the bank took over nine other banks. In 1974, the bank started expanding the branch network beyond Tamil Nadu to benefit from opportunities in the pan-Indian market. Thus, branches were established in the neighboring states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Kerala, important financial centers such as Mumbai, New Delhi, and Kolkata as well as in other significant business centers in Maharashtra, Gujarat, and Madhya Pradesh. Meanwhile, the bank attained the status of Authorized Dealer in foreign exchange in 1976 enabling it to provide a full range of services to customers engaged in international trade and to overseas travelers. Mechanization was introduced in the Administrative Office as early as 1977, and data processing and computerization began in right earnest in 1993 by the bank's own in-house team. Implementation of Core Banking Solution (CBS) was started in October 2006, and all of the bank's branches were migrated to CBS by March 2008.

On 5 April 2019, the board of LAKSHMI VILAS BANK approved a merger of the bank with the country's second-largest housing finance company, INDIABULLS HOUSING FINANCE LTD. Indiabulls shareholders will receive a 90.5% stake in the consolidated entity, to be called Indiabulls Lakshmi Vilas Bank, and LVB will receive the remaining 9.5%. The merged entity will create a net worth of ₹19,472 crores and a loan book ₹1,23,393 crores for the nine months of FY1920. However, the plan was discarded after RBI refused to give approval.

THE MORATORIUM

The RBI had superseded LVB's board on November 17 after the private sector lender was placed under a 30-day moratorium restricting cash withdrawals at Rs 25,000 per depositor.

On 17 November 2020, the Reserve Bank of India imposed a month-long moratorium on Lakshmi Vilas Bank due to a "serious deterioration" in the company's financial position. Reserve Bank of India issued a notification vide which it declared that the financial position of Lakshmi Vilas Bank is not sufficient to pay off its depositors and a month moratorium was announced under which depositors are able to withdraw a limited amount of money.

"The financial position of Lakshmi Vilas Bank Ltd has undergone a steady decline with the bank incurring losses over the last three years, eroding its net-worth. The absence of any viable strategic plan, declining advances, and mounting non-performing assets (NPAs), the losses are expected to continue," the RBI said.

Tamil Nadu-based Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) with pre-independence lineage on Friday lost its identity after its merger with the Indian subsidiary of Singapore's DBS Bank.

The debt-ridden 94-year old bank's fate was sealed with the Union Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi approving Scheme of Amalgamation on Wednesday.

The Reserve Bank of India had announced November 27 as the effective date of merger for LVB with DBS Bank India Ltd (DBIL).

All the branches of LVB will function as branches of DBIL with effect from November 27, the RBI had said in a statement.

Although depositors of the bank now have clarity, promoters and investors of the bank have been left high and dry.

LVB was asked to write off Rs 318-crore Tier-II Basel III bonds by ahead of its merger with DBS Bank by RBI on Thursday citing Section 45 of the Banking Regulation Act, resulting in losses to the investors of these bonds.

Besides, the shares of the bank are going to be delisted as per the Scheme of Amalgamation -- Lakshmi Vilas Bank Limited (Amalgamation with DBS Bank India Limited) Scheme, 2020. 

Many stakeholders including bank unions have raised questions on the manner in which the LVB was merged with a subsidiary of a foreign bank, saying that RBI has gifted LVB for free.

DBIL became lucky in the second attempt. In 2018, DBS had approached LVB to acquire about 50 percent of the stake in Karur-based lender for a much higher valuation, Rs 100-Rs 150 per share. 

LVB then had appointed J P Morgan to scout for investors for the bank. But, when the DBS approached the RBI with the proposal, it sought an exemption from the stake dilution norms The RBI didn't agree with the proposal and hence rejected it.

The RBI simultaneously placed in PUBLIC DOMAIN a draft scheme of amalgamation of LVB with DBIL.

With non-performing assets (NPAs) soaring, the bank was put under the prompt corrective action framework of the RBI in September 2019.

LVB is the second private sector bank after Yes Bank that has run into rough weather this year.

A new factor has emerged in credit rating that is a healthy cash flow.

Two months prior to the ILFS crash due to cash crunch, it was rated by credit rating agencies AAA.

Now, people are questioning the rating.

As to why CASH CRUNCH was not included in the MATRIX and INDICES of the credit rating agencies.

Indian Corporate does not do any due diligence before investing in derivative/ speculative trade

Indian lending Institutions perhaps does not do proper due diligence/ risk appraisal prior to sanctioning of loan to the loan applicant.

Either Banks are not making use of their report intelligently between creditworthy clients and doubtful clients.

Or the business intelligence/ risk appraisal of credit agencies have no depth.

We have a host of credit rating agencies giving advice to corporates and Banks.

Credit Rating Companies or more precisely called the CRA are termed as one of the biggest players in the credit rating industry.

As the name signifies ratings, in simple terms rating the debtors are the task of these companies available across India, the good rating is the dream of all debtors or we can say people seeking loans to achieve their different dreams.

Has the objectivity lost its relevancy in credit rating? do in the appraisal of Business Risk Matrix/ Financial Risk Matrix or indices of risk appraisal and the business intelligence more and more subjectivity has been deliberately injected and compromised by corrupt ranks and files of these agencies?

As per the rules from the debiting companies and different loan based companies or bank, these ratings provided by Credit Agencies are crucial.

You must be thinking about the link between Credit Rating and Loans, the link is simple as none of the company wants debtors with an irregular interest payment.

The debts or loans you took in the past, these CRA have a total record of the payment, and based on timely payment good credit ratings are provided and debtors offer easy loans and debts to regular and timely payers.

There is a different range of debt instruments that decides CRAs, some of the top available options for the same are Government bonds, Corporate bonds, CDs, Mortgage-backed securities, etc.

There is scope for improving Business Risk Matrix/ Financial Risk Matrix or indices of risk appraisal and the business intelligence by credit agencies and goalposts and yardsticks in similar circumstances, situations should be the same. Credit rating agencies should not favour some particular client and discredit some others on a non-rational basis, the rating should never be allowed to be manipulated.

Here we have the 12 best credit rating agencies in India

1. Crisil Limited (CRISIL)

2. Credit Information Bureau India Limited (CIBIL)

3. India Rating and Research Private Ltd. (FITCH)

4. Equifax India Ltd. (EQUIFAX)

5. Credit Analysis & Research Ltd (CARE)

6. ICRA Limited (ICRA)

7. Onicra Credit Rating Agency of India Ltd. (ONICRA)

8. CRIF High Mark Credit Information Services Pvt. Ltd. (CRIF)

9. SME Rating Agency of India Ltd. (SMERA)

10. Brickwork Ratings India Private Ltd. (BWR)

11. Acuité Ratings & Research Limited (Acuité)

12. Infometrics valuations and ratings pvt ltd (INFOMETRICS)

_______________________

THE STANDING COMMITTEE ON FINANCE (Chair: Dr. M. Veerappa Moily) submitted its report on ‘STRENGTHENING OF THE CREDIT RATING FRAMEWORK IN THE COUNTRY’ on February 13, 2019.

A credit rating agency is a body corporate which is engaged in the business of rating of securities offered through public or rights issue. 

KEY OBSERVATIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE COMMITTEE INCLUDE:

REGULATORY FRAMEWORK: The Committee noted that credit rating agencies in India have progressed from rating SIMPLE DEBT PRODUCTS to COMPLEX DEBT STRUCTURES, covering a wide range of products and services like SECURITIES, BANK LOANS, COMMERCIAL PAPERS, AND FIXED DEPOSITS. 

In India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) primarily regulates credit rating agencies and their functioning. However, certain other regulatory agencies, such as THE RESERVE BANK OF INDIA (RBI), INSURANCE REGULATORY AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY, and PENSION FUND REGULATORY AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY also regulate certain aspects of CREDIT RATING AGENCIES under their respective sectoral jurisdiction.

THE SEBI (CREDIT RATING AGENCIES) REGULATIONS, 1999 provide for a DISCLOSURE-BASED REGULATORY REGIME, where the agencies are required to disclose their

o  RATING CRITERIA,

o  METHODOLOGY,

o  DEFAULT RECOGNITION POLICY, AND

o  GUIDELINES ON DEALING WITH CONFLICT OF INTEREST.

The Committee noted that SEBI is among the few regulators globally to mandate public disclosure of rating criteria and methodology by the agencies.

CHANGE IN REGULATIONS: The Committee noted that the rating of an instrument or entity is being increasingly relied upon by capital markets, bankers, and investors and constitutes a key input for financial decision-making. 

In the Indian context, the credibility of credit rating has come into question in the crisis involving THE INFRASTRUCTURE LEASING AND FINANCIAL SERVICES LIMITED (IL&FS), a major infrastructure development and finance company of systemic importance, with a debt obligation of Rs 91,000 crore. 

The credit rating agencies ignored the rising debt levels at IL&FS, and continued rating it AAA, indicating the highest level of creditworthiness. In this regard, the Committee recommended that the regulators (such as SEBI and RBI) should review their regulations and suitably modify them to ensure greater

o  objectivity,

o  transparency and

o  credibility in

o  the whole credit rating framework.

The Committee also recommended that the Ministry of Finance should seek a FACTUAL REPORT FROM THE CONCERNED REGULATORS REGARDING THE ENFORCEMENT OF THE REGULATIONS. In particular, the Ministry should assess the action taken by the regulators against the credit rating agencies who had been giving stable ratings to IL&FS prior to the default crisis. 

Further, it suggested that the disclosures being made by credit rating agencies should also include important determinants such as:

(i) extent of promoter support,

(ii) linkages with subsidiaries, and

(iii) liquidity position for meeting near-term payment obligations.

ISSUER PAYS MODEL: Currently, the credit rating agencies follow the 'issuer pays model', under which the entity issuing the financial instrument pays the agency upfront to rate the underlying securities. 

However, the Committee observed that such a payment arrangement may lead to a 'conflict of interest' and could result in compromising the quality of analysis or the objectivity of the ratings assigned by the agencies. 

Therefore, it suggested that the Ministry of Finance or the regulators may consider other options as well, such as the ‘investor pays model’ or ‘regulator pays model’ after weighing the relevant pros and cons. 

Alternately, within the existing framework, the appropriate rating fee structure, payable by the issuer may be decided by SEBI, in consultation with RBI and the credit rating agencies.

ROTATION OF CREDIT RATING AGENCIES: Under the current framework, there is no provision for the rotation of credit rating agencies. 

The Committee recommended that mandatory rotation of rating agencies should be explored. 

This would aid in avoiding the negative consequences of long-term associations between the issuer and the credit rating agency. 

This is particularly significant considering the recent instances of failure of credit rating agencies identifying trouble in their client-entities.

Further, the Ministry may also provide for ratings to be compulsorily carried out by more than one agency, particularly in respect of debt instruments or bank credit above Rs 100 crore. 

Currently, there are only seven credit rating agencies in the country. To increase competition, the Committee recommended that the existing THRESHOLD FOR REGISTRATION OF SUCH AGENCIES MAY ALSO BE SUITABLY LOWERED with a view to encouraging more entities, particularly START-UPS WITH THE REQUISITE CAPABILITY AND EXPERTISE.

IL&FS: The Committee noted that the central government has intervened in the IL&FS crisis and reconstituted the Board (the matter being under National Company Law Tribunal). However, the Committee recommended a comprehensive commission of inquiry into the crisis, which will assess:

(i) the role of credit rating agencies that had overrated the entities, and

(ii) the role of the Life Insurance Corporation of India, the largest institutional stakeholder in IL&FS.

This is the case of acquisition and amalgamation both in the steel industry. Tata Steel Ltd. (TSL) acquired Bhushan Steel Ltd under Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC), 2016 in the year 2018 and named as Tata Bhushan Steel Ltd. (TBSL). Further TBSL got merged with Tata Steel in 2019, a year after acquisitions.

Tata Steel Limited (TSL), a part of the widely-diversified Tata Group, manufactures iron and steel products. TSL’s key products include hot rolled coils/sheets, cold-rolled coils/sheets, mild steel galvanised plain/corrugated/colour-coated coils/sheets, steel billets, bars and rods, among others. In addition to different varieties of steel, it is also a large producer of ferrochrome products. TSL has an annual crude steel production capacity of 27.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) with 13 mtpa of crude steel capacity in India and the remaining capacity mainly in Europe and South-East Asia.

              Bhushan Steel Ltd is one of the prominent players in the Indian Steel industry. Backed with more than 27 years of experience, the company was India's 3rd largest Secondary Steel Producing Company with an existing steel production capacity of 5.6 million ton per annum. As one of the largest integrated steel players in India, the company was a source for a vivid variety of products in its portfolio.

The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) probe suggests that due to promoters siphoning off funds, the company's financial health deteriorated and the company went into insolvency with outstanding liabilities of Rs 56,000 crore. The report had revealed that ex-promoters of Bhushan Steel - Brij Bhushan Singal and Neeraj Singal - have used illegal means to receive bank loans to the tune of Rs 45,800 crore between 2013/14 and 2016/17. The promoters inflated the Stock-in-Transit to avail Drawing Power against Cash Credit Facility. The promoters also misused letter of credit by enclosing fabricated to avail loan from banks. This led to Bushan Steel into Bankruptcy under IBC, 2016.

i.                Matching downstream business output: Tata Steel is the lowest-cost iron ore producer in the world, thanks to its own mines. It can use that ore for Bhushan Steel’s plants, thus generating higher profits from the same assets.

ii.               Sustaining dominance in Auto Sector: The acquisition of Bhushan would strengthen Tata’s foothold in the auto-grade steel industry and give it greater access to the Northern market. Auto steel, a high margin segment is around 20-25 per cent of the total Tata Steel revenues and with Bhushan’s acquisition, it could go up significantly. Bhushan Steel’s Ghaziabad plant supplies to clients such as Maruti Suzuki. It also has a plant at Khopoli, Maharashtra which has good proximity to auto manufacturing hubs such as Pune and Gujarat.

iii.              Capacity expansion goals: The acquisition will allow the largest steel producer to achieve its ambitious target of doubling its capacity by 2022. Currently, Tata Steel has an operational capacity of 13 MTPA and the board has approved a brownfield expansion of another 18 MTPA. That could rise to 23 MTPA with the acquisition.

Commodity Cycle:

       Consolidation of firm occurs when the commodity cycle is at its peak. The cycle has seen a severe downturn in 2015-16 due to demand slowdown and predatory pricing strategies from a country like China. There was an upsurge in demand and prices of steel from 2017 onwards. Tata Steel could exploit this opportunity with bigger production capacity.

Why not Greenfield project?

       As stated by Mr. Kushik Chatterji, CFO Tata Steel, a greenfield project of 5 million tonnes per annum (MTPA) hot rolled coils (HRC) and 2 MTPA cold rolling (CR) mill will require a CAPEX of Rs 31,000 crore. In contrast Bhushan Steel’s acquisition cost, TSL could be benefitted with a potential cash flow of 1300-1500 cr in present value. So the economic value of BSL was around 44000-46000 cr, favoring acquisition. Also, a new project requires 4-5 years to complete with all hurdles and project delay. And hence the idea of greenfield project was out of frame.

TSL had created a special purpose vehicle to fastrack approvals and acquisition process. Incorporated in 2018, Bamnipal Steel Limited (BSL) is a wholly-owned SPV of TSL, set up to facilitate the acquisition of Bhushan under the corporate insolvency resolution process of the IBC, 2016. On March 22, 2018, TSL was declared the successful resolution applicant by the committee of Creditors (CoC) of Bhushan Steel. The entire borrowings to be raised by BSL would be backed by a Letter of Credit (LoC) from TSL.

Corporate Insolvency Resolution Process (CIRP) of Bhushan Steel was initiated on July 26, 2017, under the provisions of the IBC Code. Pursuant to the initiation of the CIRP, TSL submitted its resolution plan for the resolution of Bhushan Steel. Meanwhile, Neeraj Singhal, former vice-chairman and managing director of Bhushan Steel, has moved the National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT) seeking a stay on the takeover by Tata Steel. Also, Larsen & Toubro Ltd, one of Bhushan’s operational creditors had filed litigation to prioritize its due payment. With fending these off, TSL was selected as the highest compliant resolution applicant by the committee of creditors constituted under the IBC Code. On 15th May 2018, National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) approved TSL’s resolution plan.

The acquiring entity would be called TBSL. BSL subscribed to 72.65% of the equity share capital of TBSL for an aggregate amount of Rs 158.89 crore and provided additional funds aggregating to Rs 35,073.69 crore to TBSL by way of debt/convertible debt. The remaining 27.35% of TBSL’s share capital will be held by TBSL’s existing shareholders and the financial creditors who received shares in exchange for the debt owed to them.The acquisition has been funded by around Rs 18,000 crore of Tata Steel’s own capital, including internal generation and around Rs 16,500 crore of debt drawn on the 100% owned subsidiary company Bamnipal Steel that holds the equity of Bhushan Steel.

On April 2019, the Board of Tata Steel have considered and approved a merger of Bamnipal Steel and TBSL into the Company by way of a composite scheme of amalgamation and have recommended a merger ratio of 1 equity share of 10/- each fully paid up of the Company for every 15 equity shares of each fully paid up held by the public shareholders of TBSL. As part of the scheme, the equity shares held by Bamnipal Steel and the preference shares held by the Company in Tata Steel BSL shall stand cancelled. The equity shares held by the Company in Bamnipal Steel shall also stand cancelled.

Despite being debt-ridden, Bhushan Steel’s operations were stable, and a favourable steel market aided the company’s operating profits. While it added additional revenue to the group, and has the potential to move the margins of Tata Steel higher, it raised debt levels in the balance-sheet considerably.

With the objective to synergize manufacturing, commercials, network optimization, procurement, and S&GA of Bhushan Steel, Tata Steel had overpaid for this stressed asset. But the deal seems to bring synergy in Tata Steel Operations and will benefit in long term goals.

1.     https://www.businesstoday.in/current/economy-politics/bhushan-steel-promoters-illegally-avail-rs-46000-crore-fund-flow-sfio-probe/story/378922.html

2.     https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/stocks/news/tata-may-have-overbid-but-bhushan-is-a-strategic-fit/articleshow/62977270.cms

3.     https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/expert-view/4-reasons-tata-steel-is-bidding-for-bhushan-steel-sk-roongta/articleshow/62995216.cms

4.     https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/industry/indl-goods/svs/steel/buying-bhushan-steel-better-than-greenfield-investment-tata-steel/articleshow/64298245.cms

5.     https://mnacritique.mergersindia.com/tata-steel-acquires-bhushan-through-ibc-route/

6.     https://mnacritique.mergersindia.com/news/nclt-clears-decks-for-tatas-acquisition-of-bhushan-steel/

7.     https://www.business-standard.com/article/news-cm/board-of-tata-steel-approves-composite-scheme-of-amalgamation-119042600183_1.html

8.     https://www.livemint.com/Companies/zQJ1nAquZndCvPo0baMCeO/Tata-Steel-unit-completes-acquisition-of-Bhushan-Steel.html

9.     https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/what-did-bhushan-steel-bring-home-for-tata-steel/article24698264.ece

You know, the Blackbucks gal !

Thank you Sasidhar Bhagavathula for agreeing to enlighten students over basics of Project Management.

#Blackbucks #AageKiPhikrNahi series. Students complete projects without even knowing what a projet is. Project Management for Students. Guest Lecture.

Our proudest #accomplishment !! Blackbucks CEFT at JNTU. 
The Center of Excellence in Future Technologies.

When we look at the inequitable access to quality education and availability of opportunities for students, from a societal lens, we are not truly equipping our students to fully explore the #opportunities widely available. And we are not doing a great job of ensuring that students are able to have social mobility in the ways they want.

Over the next few months, #Blackbucks will set up #CEFT centers in tier-2 and tier-3 towns of the #Telugu states.
🤟🎉🎊💙🥇

Entry level salaries of software jobs haven't changed? Mohandas Pai says this? Does he know how much Fresher Doctors are paid? Or lawyers? Or Accountants?

Every compensation is an outcome of Economics:
1. Demand and Supply.
2. Contribution of a resource to a work. 

Few fresh hires in software are offered very very high packages compared to rest of the careers. Some go upto 20 lakhs INR per annum.

We should help students improve their #quality and hence deserving high pay. Don't just ask for pay hike. 
#Market corrects itself as per Economics.

#Blackbucks
#Economics #work 
#workforce  #jobs #students #software #job #doctors #lawyers #careers 

Infosys Limited 
Wipro 
Tata Consultancy Services 
Cognizant 

Adani (or Hon'ble Adani) Group has 0.9 debt-to-equity ratio, which in a normal case, would make it difficult to raise any sort of debt. 
Adani Group's #debt is Rs 2.6 trillion. And compared to Reliance Industries Limited  Power Business and Tata Consultancy Services of Tata Group, in fact, Adani Group doesn't have cash cows.

Also, there is so much transfer of #funds amongst different listed companies of Adani, in the name of #loans and buying #equity, it almost sounds fraud. It is in fact, house-of-cards.

But may be normal business people lack key skills like these (and of BYJU'S) and we have been doing it all wrong. 🤷

#business #entrepreneurs #entrepreneurship #startups #startup #founders #businessmen 

Some founders get with Timing and Marketing.
Some with Persistence and Execution.

Most of the founders fall in the second type, which is also the difficult type. Keep going as you prepare for the coming week.

#founders #marketing 
#entrepreneurs #startups #funding 
#success #team #execution 

BYJU'S  has to probably first acquire an accounting firm, in their acquisition spree.

Jokes apart, I can't but awe at the strength of the founder to stand against such huge pressures. 

Only that they should come up with better models of training / teaching. Marketing and Sales tactics can take you this far. But after this?
 #founder #better #training #education #entrepreneurship #founders #startups #valuation #accounting 

Figma the design tool, is acquired by Adobe for $20B.
Figma was started in fact to fix the gap that Adobe has: to be able to design on browser. 
#Browser based tools help us collaborate. I see the benefit of Google Docs over Microsoft Word.
Figma facilitated companies and startups to design products. Product Managers, designers, developers all can collaborate over the tool. 

Figma goes into the list of some great tools designed in past few years. Another being Canva.

Inspirational !!
 #startups #companies #developers #productdesign #productmanagers #designtool #figma #design #tools #designers #canva #designed #inspirational #entrepreneurs #founders
#founder #valuation

The principles that apply to first-world #startups are totally different from those that apply to third-world ones.

So as #founders, if you want to learn how #business works, speak to someone who has seen that & been there in #India.

#Podcasts, YouTube #videos and #books by first-world authors are all fascinating but don't apply to the startups in India.

#entrepreneurship #founder 
#success #experience

#Suicide among young people in the age group 14-22: students.
Recently, an MTech student from IIT Hyderabad left the world, with a suicide note that his research doesn't seem to be of any use.

Personally, I think suicides happen in the age group 14-22 mostly because of (1) performance demands and (2) success parameters set by #parents and #teachers. But, majorly by parents.

However, no one person (parent, teacher, counselor, friend) can implement suicide prevention efforts on their own. The participation, support, and active  involvement of families, schools, and communities are essential. 

Blackbucks always follows the principle #studentfirst and #aagekiphikrnahi. We make sure student understands #success comes in various #forms and in various #fields.

#suicidepreventionday 

#Startups
When the show "Friends" was first telecast, People Magazine gave it a D+ rating and Time magazine called the cast "dysfunctional morons."

If you want to succeed hang in there and keep doing good work.

Persistence beats everything.

When Charles Flint started IBM, the company was making punch clocks, computing scales and tabulating machines. 
The company was named Computing-Tabulating-Recording Co (Was that dumb?). After 14 years, it was renamed IBM.

Naming that dream startup is a big deal. Founders break their head for a creative one. It's nice to have good name. But, more important is good work for your #startup. 

Depend on good work. No other method stays longer.

#founders #startups #funding #capital #business #jobs 

6,071 followers

It had been a year now since our last trip exploring Maharashtra and Daman. Besides, we had procured a new Renault Duster and still had not ventured on a long trip in this car. The month was of May, it was really hot, however we were confident that this would not dampen the enthusiasm of the family and it would be good to explore a new state. My sons were on their summer break,     I calculated that this trip would require around eight – ten days. So took some holidays from work and started one fine Saturday morning from Mumbai. The above cities/town were planned for this trip and exploring them were planned to be completed maximum in ten days. The ancient Indian history and technology had no match and Gujarat is a live example for the same. The history has been re-written by various invaders, who destroyed Indian technology and culture as they did not understand that, travelling through India, one gets to see evidences to support this, which many un-travelled term as myth. In the previous Diary for Madhya Pradesh, I briefly discussed about Central India, in this one it’s about the ancient cities of Lothal and Bet Dwarka.

Exploring Gujarat was on my list since childhood, as it has lot to offer. While reading the ancient Indian history, I was introduced to the long lost Indus Valley Civilization and our history book referred to the remains of such civilization near Ahmedabad in Gujarat. In a prior business trip from Ahmedabad to Rajkot a few years ago, I had seen a road sign to ‘Lothal’, stating that to be the ancient town belonging to Indus Valley. Apart from this, there is Dwarka, the land of lord Sri Krishna, remains of which were recently explored much under the sea, Somnath, the temple, which was looted 17 times, Gir, the home for Asiatic lions, Vadodara, etc. were on my ‘must see’ list.

Day-1 Gujarat is derived from the Sanskrit term Gurjaradesa, meaning "The Land of the Gurjars". We started on Saturday morning at about 07:00 AM. The Mumbai Ahmedabad highway, which is also known as National Highway 48 (NH48), is mostly a six lane highway of International standards. Having travelled on this rout many a times, we knew that there would be no challenges and the journey would be smooth. As the day progressed and the sun went up, the heat increased. It was a challenge to the car’s AC, which was met by the car very efficiently. We made our first pit stop for breakfast at about 08:30 at Boisar, at a typical Udipi restaurant chain joint, the food was good. A half hour break, we again started on the journey. The car was travelling at a speed of 100+ KMPH, the good road was complementing the car’s performance. Till Bharuch, we continued without much effort, it was here we met a big traffic jam. The car came to a halt for around one hour, as there was a big container truck, which had hit an overhead bridge, resulting in the container falling on road and a big crack on the bridge. Thereafter, the traffic did not ease until Bharuch city, as there was repair work going on, on the Narmada Bridge connecting to Bharuch city. One side of the road was blocked. We lost another 45 minutes on this rout, it was already 01:00 PM and while we were stuck in traffic, my son saw a restaurant, bought some take away Indian food and we continued our journey while eating. Temperature outside was 45°, we were not in favor of stopping at this roadside restaurant. The journey continued and we reached Vadodara at around 03:30 PM. I was familiar with the city of Vadodara due to many business travels, hence we stopped at a convenient hotel near Vadodara railway station. The hotel was clean and the air-conditioning was better in this hot weather. We had already eaten, hence after checking-in, left for Laxmi Vilas palace, which is the most talked about tourist attraction in Vadodara. This is the palace of erstwhile maharaja of Gujarat, who still stays at this palace, however the major portion of this is open to public at a cost. While entering the palace, you are provided with an audio guide, which guides you through entire palace, telling about the history of Gaekwads, the rulers of Vadodara. As the name suggests, the audio guide confirmed that ‘Gaekwads’ were titled so, as protector of ‘Gae’ (cow), which is holy to Hindus. ‘Gae-Kiwad’ in Hindi means door (protection) to cows, hence Gaekwad. Adjoining to the palace was a huge green space, which housed an 18 holes Golf course, polo ground, cricket and football grounds. The entire palace was decorated with numerous paintings, statues and other art effects and also, there was a big room containing armory used by the erstwhile maharajas. At 07:00 PM, when the palace was to close for the day, we left for our hotel taking a big round of Vadodara city. Vadodara is known for its gardens, university and education, due to which the entire city is green. Reached the hotel and after dinner, took another round of the city and then called it a day. It was a long first day, but we did not care, as the next day we had to stop at Ahmedabad, which was max two hours’ drive.

Day-2 Sunday, hence we got up at around 08:00 AM. Breakfast and freshening up, not in that order, took some time and by 10:00 AM, we checked out. It took some 20 minutes to leave the city. We travelled for some time on NH48 and then to NE1, the new Ahmedabad-Vadodara Express way. NE1 was even better and by 11:20, we were in Ahmedabad. On the outskirts, there is Adalaj-Vav or ‘Step well of Adalaj’. This is a very old step-well constructed in the village of Adalaj. The description at the entrance says that this was built in 1498 in the memory of Rana Veer Singh (the Vaghela dynasty), by his wife Queen Rudadevi. It is a fine example of Indian architecture. The walls alongside steps are covered with hand carved murals, statues of gods, seating places, as during summers, sitting near water was much pleasing and worked as modern day air conditioners. This area was used to face water crisis during summers, hence the wells had to be dug deep to get sufficient supply. In Gujarat and in Rajasthan there are many step wells, built by kings or the rich, to provide water to public. Most of these wells are an example of rich Indian architecture, which was later destroyed during foreign invasions and rules.

At Ahmedabad, we were visiting old friends, who had insisted that we stay with them during the night. Hence stay taken care of; our next stopover post Gujarati vegetarian lunch, was Sabarmati Ashram, the erstwhile place of stay of Mahatma Gandhi, the father of the nation. The Ashram is maintained the same way; it was some 70 years ago, when Mahatma Gandhi lived here. Right on the banks of river Sabarmati, there was cool breeze making the otherwise hot weather, much pleasant. If one stands under a tree, which are many in this place, one wouldn’t feel it was so hot. The evening was with Sareens, our dear friends for past twenty years. Their sons are of the same age as ours, so the two families had a wonderful time. After a hearty dinner, we went for a trip to Sabarmati river bankside, which has good spots for picnics and a speed boat ride. I remember this river and until some years ago, this was an ill maintained one. During the recent years, the Gujarat government had taken special care to maintain this place well. One thing was seen, that entire Gujarat was developed well by the state government, the wide roads, electricity and WiFi was available in the entire stretch.

Night spent at the Sareens; there hospitality has been exemplary over the years. Next day we had to explore the ancient city of Lothal, which was my childhood dream.  

Day-3 Monday, we started early. It was 06:30 AM and we all were showered and dressed. Being summer time, the sun was out and it was already becoming warm. Post sumptuous breakfast prepared by Mrs. Sareen, we bid farewell to them. Lothal was around 85 KMs from their residence and it took us around one hour to reach there. After 65 KMs on Ahmedabad - Bhavnagar highway, we had to turn left for further one-way neglected village road.  The area is not developed much for tourism and it was sad that we did not see any visitor apart from us.

It was around 08:45 AM, the site gate was closed, and the notice board told us that it opens at 09:00 AM. So we waited. At 09:00 AM the gate opened, the entry fee was Rs. 5:00 per person. One could realize the reason for neglect of this place, as we had paid Rs. 800 per person for visiting the Laxmi Vilas Palace. This most important historical site was under the care of Archeological Survey of India, they have done a good job for maintaining this, however it can be done better. On reading the history, we realized that Lothal was inhabited in 3700 BC. Discovered in 1954. Lothal was excavated from year 1955 to 1960 by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), the official Indian government agency for the preservation of ancient monuments. According to the ASI, Lothal had the world's earliest known dock, which connected the city to an ancient course of the Sabarmati river on the trade route between Harappan cities in Sindh & the peninsula of Saurashtra. This was, when the surrounding Kutch desert of today was a part of the Arabian Sea. Lothal was a vital and thriving trade Centre in ancient times, with its trade of beads, gems and valuable ornaments reaching the far corners of West Asia and Africa. The techniques and tools they pioneered for bead-making and in metallurgy have stood the test of time for over 4000 years. The remains of a Shiv Ling, evidence the settlement of Hindus in this area, in that era.

The town was well planned, with perfect 90° crossing roads, proper drainage, community baths and complete dock, facilitating international trade. All this was some 5000 years ago, this was hard to imagine, however has been scientifically proved. The museum inside the site shows the artist’s impressions, how the town would have looked then and the remains of the town justify such claims. The people of Lothal worshipped the Fire God, and were associated with the ancient Vedic religion. The remains of a “Shiv Ling” like structure (seen as caged above) evidences the same and other excavations also compel the archeologist to believe this civilization to be practicing diverse Vedic religion. The settlements in this civilization had built walls to safeguard against consistent flooding, however is considered to have been destroyed due to a great flood, somewhere in the year 2000 BC. It was terribly hot, although there was still some exploration left for us, but we decided to leave for Dwarka due to heat. Exploration in this heat was a challenge, especially due to brick covered grounds causing higher temperature.

So, we left for Dwarka at about 12:00 Noon. Stopped for lunch at a roadside joint, which was very clean, thereafter reached Dwarka at about 6:30 PM. The six and a half hour journey was uneventful. The roads in Gujarat are too good. Even though the temperature was really high, A/C of our Duster stood the challenge. The highway was so good and traffic so less, that the boys also tried their hands in driving. We had not booked any hotel for night stay, but found a good one, which was newly built near the temple. Quite a cost effective affair, as we only wanted a place to crash during the night.

We had come here to visit the ‘Dwarkadhish’ Temple, the temple of Lord Krishna. This is one of the most important pilgrimage for Hindus considered to be one of ‘Char Dhams”, the four most important pilgrimages. The temple was originally built some 2500 years ago. The actual Dwarka kingdom of Lord Krishna is actually under water, which has been recently found by the Marine Archeological department of India. The exploration has found sandstone walls, a grid of streets and remains of a sea port, some 70 feet beneath the sea. The evidence points to the fact of the existence of a city some 9,000 years ago. Also according to them this was one of the most important and busy ports during historical and medieval periods.

The history of Dwarka has been rubbished by Mughal and English historians as a myth, until in the 1980s the proof of its existence was found. Mahabharat says that Dwarka had 900,000 royal palaces, all constructed with crystal and silver and decorated with emeralds. The city was connected by an elaborate system of boulevards, roads, market places, assembly houses and temples. These legends have been etched into the Indian minds for so long that their authenticity is not questioned. Luckily, due to the grace of the marine archaeological department of India, the childhood stories have come to be a reality largely. Although this sunken city is just 70 feet under water, one cannot get a glimpse of this as a tourist, even if one is ready to go with scuba gear. One day, perhaps, things may change and the government may allow this exploration. So, we had to be satisfied with a visit to the Dwarkadhish temple. The modern day temple was re-built in the 16th century, after it was destroyed in 12th and again in 14th century by Muslim invaders. This temple has a mesmerizing black stone statue of Lord Krishna, you find it difficult to take your eyes off it. Groups and individuals from across India come here to pay their respect to the God. It was late evening when we reached the temple and a group of women from Rajasthan in their traditional attire were singing Bhajans praising the lord. The temple is right on the sea shore and after the visit, we went down towards the sea. The temple stairs lead towards the sea and we sat for about an hour on the last stair, our feet touching the water. Amazing peace, we were reluctant to leave the place, even though it was around 9:30 PM. Reluctantly we left and went in search of food. This being a holy town, only vegetarian food was available, that too in a few old style small food joints. Filled our bellies and walked back to the hotel. It was a long day, but really satisfying. Next day, it was for Somnath, temple of Lord Shiv, which was plundered 17 times of its gold and precious stones ornaments, by Muslim invaders from Middle East, and rebuilt by native Hindus.

Day-4 Got up early morning, visited the Dwarkadhish for morning prayers, the boys, not so enthusiast about the visit, mainly due to getting up early, but had to surrender against consistent nagging from their mother and me. After the temple visit and breakfast, we checked out from the hotel for Somnath at about 08:30 AM. The 230 odd KM road connecting Dwarka and Somnath is a scenic beauty. Long stretch of the road is parallel to sea with a full view of blue water running alongside. It took us around five hours to reach Somnath and from a distance, we could see the temple flag due to its size and height. On reaching here, we found quite a few good hotels and entered one to check-in. The watch was showing the time as 01:30 PM and boys were really hungry. Went straight to the dining hall after checking in and the Gujarati thali was just superb. Gujarat being a dry state, it is not ideal for tourist who are looking for alcohol or Non-vegetarian food. This being a holy place, Non-veg was out of question.

The temple city of Somnath is situated on the Arabian Sea. It is believed that the temple is plundered, destroyed and rebuilt at least 17 times. The original temple of Somnath is said to be built by the Moon God and was made of gold. The time of its original construction is not known. The Vedic history says it to have been constructed by Gods, to whom the modern day European researchers refer as “Aliens”. After it was razed to the ground, it was rebuilt with silver by Ravana during the Ramayana period, which again is referred as myth. The legend says, that when the silver temple was knocked down, it was reconstructed in wood by Lord Krishna. And when this was pulled down, a stone temple was erected by king Bhimdev, which finally has some historical proof. This temple is the first among the twelve Jyotirlings and a very holy place for Hindus. ‘Jyotirling’ is a devotional representation of Lord Shiv. The twelve jyothirlings sites are across India, each considered a different manifestation of Lord Shiv. Legend has it that the temple being associated with the Moon God, being its first builder, the Moon God is also said to have worshipped the Shivling at this temple. This is also the reason why this temple is popularly known as Somnath, ‘Som’ being another name for moon in Hindi. Remains found from the region suggest that the place was a colony of the Aryans in the ancient times. The wealth of temple is stated to be the reason for many attacks and its destruction. Many of the middle eastern invaders came, looted and destroyed this temple, including Mahmud of Ghazni in AD 1026, Afzal Khan, Ala-ud-din Khilji and later Aurangzeb. The construction of the present temple was started by Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the first home minister of free India and it was inaugurated in May 1951.

So much for the history, the fact is that this place is amazing. The temple is exactly on seashore and during high tide; the water of the sea touches the boundary. This being a holy place, there are many other temples around. We took a leisurely walk around the beach, The long stretch of this quite beach, where there is only sand, the water was quite tempting. We went inside the beach until knee height water. Returned back to hotel at about 04:00 PM, rested for a while and later in the evening made another visit to the temple and then retired early.

Day-5 Left the hotel at leisure, it was not before 10:30 we checked out. Our next destination was Gir, the home for Asiatic Lions. The distance was only 75 KMs and the road was again very good. Although Google maps suggested the time to cover the distance as 2.5 hrs., but we were in Gir few minutes after noon. There are regular safaris every two hours at this century, however as we had just missed the noon one, the next one was at 02:00 PM. We were not much hungry, however to pass the time, we entered into one of many restaurants around this place, this one designed as a Tribal hut. The décor was good, not the food though. While discussing, we realized, it is not the food, may be we are missing Non-vegetarian food, as it is tough to find a Non-Veg restaurant in Gujarat.

The safari started exactly at 02:00 PM, it was an open Gypsy, which took us inside the jungle. This is a 1400 approx square KM jungle. Although this has a water reservoir and a couple of rivers flowing inside, but still is a very dry area, especially during summers. The river water is scanty during summers and the reservoir dries up too. Once this jungle had thousands of Asiatic lions which met their fate due to ‘Shikars’ (Hunting) by the most cruel animal, man, and now, as per the 2015 census, the number was 523. This was an improvement from the last 10 years, when the number was only around 300+. The reduced number was the result of indiscriminate hunting by princely state rulers, civilians and the British; however, the number is now increasing due to Lion breeding program, which is funded by government of India. Apart from Lions, this jungle has various species of mammals, birds, reptiles and insects. The carnivores group mainly comprises the Asiatic lion, leopard, jungle cat,  hyena,  jackal and mongoose. 

During the two hour trip within the jungle, we followed some pug marks, the safari jeeps go in all directions and then the drivers contact each other over phone / walkie-talkie, to confirm the location of the lion. Although the number of lions given at the gate is 523, however considering the size of the jungle, it is very hard to locate even one. On the way we saw many animals stated above, including a leopard, but the lion only met us when we were retreating, as if obliging us with a couple of seconds glimpse. It was drinking at a water hole, however the moment it heard voices, it ran for cover in the bushes.

We left Gir at about 05:00 PM, although there are many good places to stay, including some forest camps, but we decided to rest at Diu, which is just 70 odd KMs from Gir. Once again, the road was alongside the sea and the view was just too beautiful. By 07:30 PM, we were at Diu. Entering Diu was a treat to the eyes; it is such a beautiful and clean city. Once a Portuguese colony, this Union territory is maintained very well. We were tired considering the heat during the day, hence decided to hunt for a hotel, just to crash. We found one in the middle of the city, a good and clean hotel, serving NON-VEG food and liquor. Yes, we were out of Gujarat and people from Gujarat travel to Diu, many times just to treat themselves. Ate good seafood with a couple of drinks and slept during the night. Next day was to explore Diu.

Day-6 Next morning after the breakfast, left to explore Diu. Diu is a coastal town, which was once a Portuguese colony. The town is known for various tourist places, which is now being developed as a smart city. The first stop was at Naida Caves. Naida Caves are a network of tunnels just near the Diu Fort. It is believed that Portuguese looted the building materials from the caves, which lead to some hollow spaces inside. Caves got their shape eventually due to geological irregularities and natural processes over time. Naida Caves is slowly being recognized as one of the most magnificent attractions since prehistoric times. The caves also have a natural opening that lets in sunlight, making it photogenic. During the 20th century, when the Portuguese were not ready to leave Diu, an Indian Army operation was launched to seize control and several soldiers were stationed at the Naida Caves during that time. 

Our next stop was Diu Fort, which was built during the Portuguese rule in 1535. It is a marine fort which is surrounded by the Arabian Sea on 3 sides. Diu Fort, also known as the Portuguese Fort, played an important role during their administrative years. The lighthouse and a jail are the other attractions inside the fort. The enchanting fort commands a magnificent view of the sea. It has a jetty which is still under use and was once used for trade. The lighthouse that one can climb leads to the highest point on the island and provides a spectacular view of the surrounding. The parapet has a fantastic array of cannons. The literature available here stated, that this was built after the alliance between Bahadur Shah, the Sultan of Gujarat and the Portuguese, when Humayun, the Mughal Emperor waged war to annex the territory. Portuguese rule over Diu is considered as the longest ever colonial rule in the world. They ruled over the territory for 424 years, from 1537 to 1961, even after India's independence from British. They were ousted from Diu only when the government of India launched the military action.

Next, it was Nagoa Beach. A specialty of Nagoa beach is that it is surrounded by Hoka trees. Hoka trees are not found anywhere else in India because they were brought from Africa and planted here during the Portuguese rule. It was hot, hence walking on the beach was out of question, and hence we entered a seaside restaurant, which are many around the beach. After a couple of drinks and lavish seafood, we were tempted to go back to our hotel, for some siesta. Later in the evening, visited St.Paul Church and thereafter, called it a day.

Day-7 Stayed at Diu. This is a beautiful place, which, one does not want to leave. Took a long stroll on the beach, had good seafood, rested and called the day early, as next day, we had to leave for Mumbai, which was 800 KMs and was a long drive. Yes, the holiday was over, but the drive back was equally mesmerizing, as long stretch of road is alongside sea. Exactly within a week, we were back, rested for the weekend and then were ready for the grind.

----- END-----

About the Author

Sandeep Mehra, an ex-national swimmer from India, joined Indian Police at the age of 22. He excelled in police training and was judged the best cadet. He served with uniformed police for six years and thereafter was picked up by the premier investigating agency of India, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), as an investigator. With CBI, he continued to excel and investigated major financial crimes between 1994 and 2009. He was judged best investigator of India in 2007 for his investigation of the stock market scam. Trained by Interpol as a trainer for Cyber-crime investigations, presently he is working as Chief of Vigilance at Citibank.

Other journeys - Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Leh – Ladakh from Mumbai and then Sikkim from Darjeeling and Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand from Delhi. Also there is a trip across four states in the USA.

Founder at Orphicy | Director IMS Gujarat

Start-up culture

Many states and cities are trying to provide a start-up ecosystem which will attract start-ups to their states and cities. But the society needs to play its part as well.

Start-ups typically employ a relatively younger audience, most of them are bachelors. It is not easy to find accommodation for bachelors in many cities. People want to give their house to families only. There is a certain disdain for bachelors and they are assumed to be nuisance creators only. If you are coming from a far away state, that makes house hunting even more difficult. Many a times a person will just leave for Bangalore or Mumbai simply because he / she couldn't settle in the city. And that is a huge loss for the start-ups. 

We as citizens need to do better to encourage start-ups. The government and the institutions can only do as much. We should absolutely preserve our culture, but we don't have to impose our set of values on everyone. 

 #startup #people #culture

“Aryan is very shy and withdrawn, invariably helpful but with very little interest in people or in the world of reality. A meek and tidy soul, he has a need for order and structure, and a passion for detail.” Is Aryan more likely to be a librarian or a farmer?

Almost everyone gives the answer to the above question as Librarian, as the characteristics described for Aryan are most suited for a Librarian. But what we are forgetting is that there are more than 10 crore farmers in India, and probably a lakh librarians. In short, the ratio of number of farmers to number of librarians is close to 1000 : 1.

Given this statistical data, Aryan is more likely to be a farmer than a librarian. We think we can intuitively apply statistics to our thought process. But data unanimously suggests that we don't. Not even statisticians are able to intuitively apply statistics. This leads to biases and fallacies in our logical thinking.

The only way to overcome these fallacies and biases is to know them, learn about them and practice with case studies. Concepts like Survivorship bias, Recency bias, Self-serving bias, Halo effect, Correlation Causation fallacy, etc. are easy to grasp for most people and can be learnt on your own. But to become a rational thinker, it is absolutely critical that you should first of all acknowledge them and then model your thought process accordingly.

P.S. the example I started with is taken from a book called Thinking  Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman. 

#criticalthinking #leadership #logic

Mathematics

A few days back, results for International Mathematical Olympiad (highest level of competition in Math for School going children) were announced and it came as no surprise that China once again stood first. We finished in the 24th place. 

What was astonishing that all 6 Chinese students scores 42 out of 42. That is just mind boggling. Just for context, the scores of the 6 Indian students were 24, 24, 27, 28, 28 and 34. 

For the uninitiated, this competition has 6 problems from P1 to P6 and the difficulty level keep increasing. It is insanely difficult to score full marks in this competition, the dreaded P6 is infamous for being incredibly tough and all 6 Chinese students scored full marks in P6 (all the problems for that matter). 

Mathematics is a way of life in China, just like ping pong. It is a hobby for these students to solve Mathematical problems in their free time. All schools have a Math team just like football and other sports and students in Math team are treated like celebs.

Unfortunately, we don't have that culture in our country. Most schools discourage their students to participate in International Competitions because that exposes them. Most schools in India are owned by people who have no clue about education and are only here to mint money. Most of the school teachers here are massively underpaid and often exploited.

The priority of our country so far (and rightly so) has been to spread education to all parts of the country, but it is time that we start focussing on quality of education as well. We need to compete with the developed nations and it all starts from education.

#mathematics #IMO #india #china

Opportunities in Education

CAT, GMAT coaching is undergoing an interesting transition. TIME has been a national leader for close to 15 years now, but it is losing its grip. TIME has been acquired by another learning company and the founders will soon be out in operational capacity. Now the thing about education is that acquisitions are rarely successful and only time will tell if this acquisitions succeeds or not.

This could be a good opportunity, especially for people looking to start something in southern part of India. Great thing about education is that the entry barrier is very very low, virtually non-existent. If you have care and concern for students, if you can work harder than the other guy and if you have a feel for education, you are bound to succeed eventually. It does take time though. For me, it took 5 years of tireless efforts to crack the code eventually.

Having spent more than a decade in this field, i practically know everything about CAT coaching. If you want to become an  Entrepreneur and start your own education center, i would be happy to help. I can guide you about how much investment is needed, what sort of infra is required, what needs to be done in marketing, etc. 

And the opportunities are ever expanding. With the implementation of CUET, more and more states will adapt it and the competitive coaching landscape will grow. 
#entrepreneurship #education

Value of patience

Success in any field requires patience, and particularly wealth creation. Trying to find the next Tesla, the next Bitcoin, the next HDFC is futile for a retail investor. Hopping on and off in the market is detrimental to long term gains for a retail investor.

If you invested in S & P 500 in 1930, your return a back would have been 17,715% (that's roughly 177 times return), but if you missed the S&P 500′s 10 best days each decade, the total return would stand at 28%.
And interestingly, the best days often follow the worst days. That's why panic selling significantly reduces your returns.

Off-late there have been plethora of start-ups telling people that ordinary people can too crack the code of the stocks. Yes, you can buy the stocks, but most of the retail investors won't be able to beat the index return if they become stock pickers.
Investing isn't that easy, you might hit the home run once in a while, but over the longer run you would be worse off trying to time the market. Of course, none of this applies to you if you can spend 4-5 hours on a daily basis studying the reports, balance sheet, other financial statements, analyst reports, etc.

For a retail investor, the best thing is to get an index fund (lowest expense ratio) and ride it out, stay invested for as long as you can.

Teachers

How much excellence can a person achieve in his / her life depends on the quality of the teachers the person had access to. 

I have always tried to be more than a fact provider to my students. I don't know how successful i have been, but i tried my best, every single day. The primary role of a teacher is unlock the potential of every student and make them understand what their real potential is. Most of the times, the students themselves aren't aware of their calibre.

One might ask how can you be so sure of what the potential of a student really is, and to be honest there is no test or methodology to gauge that. So i always have relied on achieving short-term goals, and then we keep raising the bar every time a student is able to reach their goal. 

The role of a teacher might not have the same prestige in society as an investment banker or a KAM, but it is extremely important in my opinion. No nation can progress without committed teachers, and i would request all parents and students to respect all teachers and not treat them as a commodity. I know there are a few bad apples, but then that would be true for any profession.

On the occasion of Guru Purnima, i would like to thank all the teachers who taught me. I might not have been the student you deserved, but there is never a moment when i am not thankful to all of you for shaping my life. 

#teachers #gurupurnima

Fake Gurus

I won't even call out the names of these certain individuals as i don't wish to give them any free publicity, but people need to be made aware of these fake gurus.

Some of them are selling their lifestyle, telling everyone how they can lead the same lifestyle by buying their course. If this doesn't raise a red flag, what else will. 

Some guarantee profits in stock trading, if you complete their course. LOL. Trust me, if someone had a sure-shot way to make money in trading, they won't have to sell a course.

Some people claim that they have a proven methodology which will give you 60% raise in your job. Some will make you a great entrepreneur and some will show you the path to financial freedom through their paid course. 

Almost almost of this is a scam, making money isn't that easy that you complete a course and you are on your way to being a millionaire. Value creation is a slow affair and most people don't have the patience for it, and that is the reason why very few people are successful in the business world.

ESGP

The last couple of months were rough personally involving a lot of visits to hospitals and medical checkups. Every time i took appointment, but the average waiting time was more than 45 minutes. Even when i took the first appointment for the day, the waiting time was close to 30 minutes.

So, while the world might be moving to ESG standards, we need ESGP where P is for punctuality. 

Being late by 15 minutes is actually being on time here. I have tried my level best to pass the value of punctuality to my students and most of them do realise the importance of respecting the other person's time. Ironically, parents are late more often to a PTM than students are for their lectures.

We might crib and blame government, circumstances, institutions, etc for our misfortunes, but we need to do our bit first. Let's start by being on time. 

#punctuality #students

This is a very popular visual which is used to propagate the theory of Equality of Outcomes. It basically says that we as a society should strive to ensure that everyone has the same resources and those who are in a disadvantaged position should be given a head-start or gains to compensate for. 
But life and overall functioning of a society isn't the same as watching a game of baseball. This is gross oversimplification of a complex situation.

The Marxist Socialism might be very appealing but it is unsustainable for any functioning society. Equality of outcomes tends to make people less innovative and it encourages laxity. Why should i work any harder when the government is there to ensure i have food on the table? There have been several societies that have tried this ideology and almost all of them end up with terrible consequences.

Equality of outcome is possible only when we have an autocratic government. We humans, like most other animals, are wired to compete and make free choices. These choices will always produce different outcomes for different people as a lot of factors are involved in addition to our own input. So we can either have freedom, or equality of outcomes. I choose freedom. 

Rather, a society should focus on Equality of Opportunities. Everyone should have the same access to opportunities to improve their lives. That should be a government's primary focus. A government should ensure that its citizens are - healthy, well-educated and well-protected by laws. There should be no discrimination against anyone based on gender, religion, caste or anything else. We should have free people, who make free choices and are rewarded or punished based on these choices.

I don't wish to live in a dystopian world where we do watch sports but we don't keep a track of score anymore, because we don't want anyone to lose. 

P.S. - Obviously, everything has to be under the scope of the law. By free choices, i don't mean to suggest we should be free to do anything, rather only those things which the law allows us. Neither do i believe that everything should be left to the free markets, which are predatory.

 #entrepreneurship #freewill # #opportunities #people

Recession 

There are clear signs that recession is around the corner. Almost half of NASDAQ stocks are down 50%, and one in five is down by more than 75%. The only time this has happened is during the subprime crisis and the dotcom bubble. 

Inflation is at record high and central banks across the world are increasing the interest rates to combat inflation. But geopolitical crisis and lockdowns in China have exacerbated the supply chain issues. There is a strong possibility that prices will still remain high and central banks across the world will be forced to increase the interest rates, thus creating the possibility of stagflation.

The question that needs our urgent attention is: what should we do during these recessionary times? My 2 cents:

1. Cash is king in such times. In ordinary times, cash is trash as it trends towards 0, but one can't emphasise the importance of having cash on hand in recession. It serves two purposes - you can buy assets when they are available at huge discounts, and you have the comfort that even if things go south, you can survive that period.

2. Avoid risky investments. One has this tendency to think that if a stock is already down by 70%, how much lower can it really go. Let me give you the answer: it can go low enough to wipe out your entire capital. 
We seem to be in a risk-off environment and all risky strategies are getting punished (eg. ARK Innovation ETF).

3. Add new skills, try to become more valuable to any company or increase your productivity. This is true for any other times as well, one should always try to learn newer things.

4. Do not take huge bets if you believe any asset class is available at a discount. It is better to dollar cost average on the way down. 

5. Keep an eye of the commentary of the FED. The bear market will end only when FED pivots. Right now they remain hawkish, and until the turn dovish, markets will struggle to go up. Never forget the saying: Don't Fight the FED.

Remember that bull markets make you money, but bear markets make you rich. Look out for the opportunities that will come along your way.  
#opportunities #investments #interestrates #recessionproof

1,075 followers

Fractional CMO

The world of billionaires!


Let me introduce you to top 5 sectors in India With the most billionaires in 2022 

India has 166 billionaires across a variety of industries, with the top 10 billionaires including Mukesh Ambani, Lakshmi Mittal, Kumar Birla, having a combined net worth of over $ 330 billion. 

Here we'll talk about the top 5 industry segments in India that have the most number of billionaires. 


• HEALTHCARE

Number of billionaires: 29 
Richest person: Cyrus Poonawalla 
Net worth: $20.1 billion 


• MANUFACTURING

Number of billionaires: 29
Richest person: Ashwin Dani and family
Net worth: $7.3 billion


• FINANCIAL AND BANKING

Number of billionaires: 11
Richest person: Uday Kotak
Net worth: $13.5 billion 


• FOOD AND BEVERAGES 

Number of billionaires: 10
Richest person: Ravi Jaipuria
Net worth: $6.5 billion 


• REAL ESTATE

Number of billionaires: 9
Richest person: Kushal Pal Singh 
Net worth: $8.3 billion


Tycoons of multiple sectors Gautam Adani and family with a net worth of $ 114.4 billion, are at the top of the list among 17 billionaires in the diversified sector, followed by Mukesh Ambani ( $ 88.4 billion ).
 

 




#startups #makeinindia #realestate #healthcare #food #manufacturing #banking #india #billionaire #adanigroup #reliance #job #forbes #finance #banking #healthcare #manufacturing #invest #millionaire 

So why should we hire you?




#hire #employee #employer 

PART 07: 

Last but not least. This is gonna be the last post about Resume. 
Do you ever wonder what a perfect resume would look like? 
It is the famous 𝗼𝗻𝗲-𝗽𝗮𝗴𝗲 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘂𝗺𝗲. It is important to know how to make a resume, job hunting can be a difficult task. 

I have seen people's resumes go up to 3-7 pages. I can assure you that this isn't the kind of resume one wants.
I have discussed all the possible tricks or tips that can make your resume better in all the previous posts consisting of 7 parts including this one. 

I hope this session on Resumes was helpful for you. Make sure to follow me for more sessions on different topics that will keep you updated with a lot of good and informative stuff.


PART 1
https://lnkd.in/dFb6JJ5Y
PART 2
https://lnkd.in/dpvp8mCW
PART 3
https://lnkd.in/dE3mGBUr
PART 4
https://lnkd.in/d3X_3bXr
PART 5
https://lnkd.in/dfwR2dmB
PART 6
https://lnkd.in/dixWNUEp


 #resume #job #selfdevelopment 

PART 06: 
𝗦𝗵𝗼𝘂𝗹𝗱 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗟𝗶𝗻𝗸𝗲𝗱𝗜𝗻 𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗳𝗶𝗹𝗲 𝗯𝗲 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝘀𝗮𝗺𝗲 𝗮𝘀 𝗮 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘂𝗺𝗲 𝗼𝗿 𝗱𝗼𝗲𝘀 𝘆𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗟𝗶𝗻𝗸𝗲𝗱𝗜𝗻 𝗽𝗿𝗼𝗳𝗶𝗹𝗲 𝗶𝘁𝘀𝗲𝗹𝗳 𝘄𝗼𝗿𝗸 𝗮𝘀 𝗮 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘂𝗺𝗲?

Yes, your LinkedIn profile is your resume, built in such a way. 🦸♂️

If you haven't looked at your LinkedIn profile yet, now is the time you need an online presence if you are looking for a job. Employers will check you out on social media, especially LinkedIn because they are trying to learn more about you.



 #linkedin #resume 

PART 05: 
𝟰 𝗠𝗮𝗷𝗼𝗿 𝘁𝘆𝗽𝗲𝘀 𝗼𝗳 𝗥𝗘𝗦𝗨𝗠𝗘𝗦 


We have discussed a lot about resumes and CVs in our previous post but Today's post is a bit important for the people who are aiming for a particular job. Here I'm with a great post about various types of resumes. We'll be discussing 4 major types of resumes:


• 𝗖𝗵𝗿𝗼𝗻𝗼𝗹𝗼𝗴𝗶𝗰𝗮𝗹:

The chronological resume is basically what its name implies where you list your education and experiences in chronological order. You start with the most recent one and you end with the earliest. This type of resume is best suited for people who never had any gaps in their experience and who have experience in the same field. 


• 𝗙𝘂𝗻𝗰𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻𝗮𝗹: 

You highlight your abilities, skills, and your experiences and where you can add value to the organization, mainly this resume is best suited for those people who have gaps in their experience may be due to illness, family reasons or you just have a gap for any other reason. 


• 𝗛𝘆𝗯𝗿𝗶𝗱: 

It's a combination of functional and chronological where you highlight your skills where you can add value, what you are best at and again you keep your experience in chronological order starting with a recent one and ending with the earliest. In this type of resume, you have to be worried that you just have enough space to reflect all of these things. 


• 𝗧𝗮𝗿𝗴𝗲𝘁𝗲𝗱: 

The Targeted resume is basically when you customize your resume to fit a job you're applying for based on the job description that you have just read where you pick or choose from your past experiences and skills that can add value to the vacancy based on the job description that you have just read.


Thanks for reading! If you found this post helpful, follow me for more insights on resumes and CVs.

I'll be posting part 06 tomorrow. 




 #resume #job #selfdevelopment 

PART 04: 

𝗛𝗼𝘄 𝘁𝗼 𝘄𝗿𝗶𝘁𝗲 𝗮 𝘀𝗰𝗿𝗶𝗽𝘁 𝗳𝗼𝗿 𝗮 𝘃𝗶𝗱𝗲𝗼 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘂𝗺𝗲 

This may take a while but it's worth giving time to, I'll be guiding you with the 5 most important script points to make a video resume.


𝙎𝙩𝙚𝙥 01: 

Self-introduction - 

Your self-introduction should include your 

• Name

• Position of applying 

• Major, and 

• Language competencies 


𝙎𝙩𝙚𝙥 02 : 

Club activities - 

If you are a fresher you can always bring out the activities that you have participated in during your college or university life. Try to relate the position to the task of the activities you have participated in. 


𝙎𝙩𝙚𝙥 03 :  

Internship or working experiences - 

List down the skills that you have learned from your internship or working experiences. It would be better if you can provide some achievements and proven records or evidence from your previous internship or working experiences. 


𝙎𝙩𝙚𝙥 04 : 

Reasons why you wanted to join the company - 

You can mention the company background and job scope and try to relate it with your career goals. 


𝙎𝙩𝙚𝙥 05 :

Educational certifications - 

Talk about your educational certifications like a Diploma, Degree, Graduation, Awards you have achieved, or letter of recommendation (LOR) from your previous employers. 


And last but not least do not forget to include your contact details like email and phone number.


Video credit : https://lnkd.in/d4DKCqPp


Thanks for reading! If you found this post helpful, follow me for more insights on resumes and CVs.

I'll be posting part 05 tomorrow. 




 #resume #video #selfdevelopment 

PART 03:

Structure of content for CV and resume

I'll be providing you with the 𝟱 𝗺𝗼𝘀𝘁 𝗶𝗺𝗽𝗼𝗿𝘁𝗮𝗻𝘁 𝗸𝗲𝘆 𝗽𝗼𝗶𝗻𝘁𝘀 that will help you to build a resume that is different from other people's resumes. 


Tip #1 

Including a LinkedIn profile on your resume : 

Having a LinkedIn profile included in your resume gives you a much higher chance of landing a job interview. But having a basic LinkedIn profile decreases your chances of getting a callback. 


Tip #2 

Including the right keywords and skills : 

By Submitting applications online, applicant tracking systems scan for certain keywords and experiences to filter out what they define as low potential candidates. So, use relevant keywords. 


Tip #3

Include measurable results : 

Include measurable results in your bullet points. The study shows that 26% of resumes included five or more instances of measurable metrics. Measurable results can make it easier to understand and qualify. 


Tip #4 

Keep your resume length between 475-600 words 

This is because the research has shown that resumes in that range showed double the interview of those that were outside of those ranges. 


Tip #5 

Do not use Buzzwords and cliches : 

Buzzwords, fluff, and cliches are unnecessary and take away from your messages. Your writing should always be about your experiences, not summarising them. 



Thanks for reading! If you found this post helpful, follow me for more insights on resumes and CVs. 🦸♂️


Are you ready for part 04? I'll be posting part 04 tomorrow.




 #resume #writing #selfdevelopment 

PART 02: 

As we discussed in last post the tools and apps for resumes and CVs. Now, we are going to discuss the basic difference between a resume and a CV. 


What is a CV? 

Before we get into what a CV is, let's talk about what a CV is not. 𝗔 𝗖𝗩 𝗶𝘀 𝗻𝗼𝘁 𝗮 𝗿𝗲𝘀𝘂𝗺𝗲. 


A resume has a list of your past jobs along with relevant skills and accomplishments in your career that you use in a job application. 


A CV is used to apply to a position related to academia typically opportunities in education science, medicine, or research CV stands for curriculum vitae which roughly translates in Latin into a curriculum of life but I guess a CV just sounds less pretentious. 

A resume is normally a one-pager whereas a CV can be two pages or longer. And that's because it's your opportunity to explain your experiences and achievements in detail. 

They are usually arranged in chronological order. 


Thanks for reading! If you found this post helpful, follow me for more insights on resumes and CVs.


We'll know more about this in PART 03.






 #cv #resume 

PART 01
How about I tell you the 𝟯 𝗯𝗲𝘀𝘁 𝘁𝗼𝗼𝗹𝘀 for creating your resume?

𝙏𝙝𝙞𝙨 𝙞𝙨 𝙖 𝙨𝙚𝙧𝙞𝙚𝙨 𝙤𝙛 𝙥𝙤𝙨𝙩𝙨 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙩 𝙄'𝙡𝙡 𝙗𝙚 𝙥𝙤𝙨𝙩𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙖 𝙛𝙚𝙬 𝙙𝙖𝙮𝙨. 𝙄'𝙡𝙡 𝙗𝙚 𝙩𝙖𝙡𝙠𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙖𝙗𝙤𝙪𝙩 𝙖𝙡𝙡 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙥𝙤𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙗𝙞𝙡𝙞𝙩𝙞𝙚𝙨 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙧𝙚𝙨𝙪𝙢𝙚 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝘾𝙑 𝙏𝙝𝙞𝙨 𝙞𝙨 𝙖 𝙨𝙚𝙧𝙞𝙚𝙨 𝙤𝙛 𝙥𝙤𝙨𝙩𝙨 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙩 𝙄'𝙡𝙡 𝙗𝙚 𝙥𝙤𝙨𝙩𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙖 𝙛𝙚𝙬 𝙙𝙖𝙮𝙨. 𝙄'𝙡𝙡 𝙗𝙚 𝙩𝙖𝙡𝙠𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙖𝙗𝙤𝙪𝙩 𝙖𝙡𝙡 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙥𝙤𝙨𝙨𝙞𝙗𝙞𝙡𝙞𝙩𝙞𝙚𝙨 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙧𝙚𝙨𝙪𝙢𝙚 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝘾𝙑 𝙢𝙖𝙠𝙞𝙣𝙜. 𝙏𝙝𝙞𝙨 𝙬𝙞𝙡𝙡 𝙘𝙤𝙣𝙨𝙞𝙨𝙩 𝙤𝙛 𝙖 𝙩𝙤𝙩𝙖𝙡 𝙤𝙛 7 𝙥𝙖𝙧𝙩𝙨.


• FREESUMES 

On this website you don't need to register or download here you can see several resumes. You can get  Editable resumes and then you can save them as PDF documents, you can save both formats in word and PDF format. Saving it in word format will help you edit it whenever you want. 


• REZUMEET

On this website, there is no need to register or sign-up to download the resume. You can see the number of resumes. These are free resumes, download a free resume and you can make changes accordingly. 


• CANVA 

I like this website the most, this website is user-friendly and easy to use. You can get easy access to the website and the template is easily available. Upload your photo and make easy changes in the template itself. Download the resume as a pdf or image in jpg format. To make any sort of changes you can go back to your designs.



Thanks for reading! If you found this post helpful, follow me for more insights on resumes and CVs.

Next, I'm going to post about resumes and CVs.



#resume #selfdevelopment 

PART 02

As we discussed 3 tips for email etiquette in last post, here are 5 more tips for email etiquette in the workplace,


Tip 04 : 

MAIN POINTS FIRST, FOLLOWED BY CONTEXT 

When the sender includes a lot of information upfront, but when they are trying to get at or ask for it is at the very end of the email. To avoid that, always include your main points first, followed by the context. 


Tip 05 : 

SUMMARISE IN YOUR REPLY 

If you receive an email with a lot of disorganized content, summarize the sender's main points for them in your reply. So for some who have sent you a long wordy convoluted message you have to reread it a few times you want to do two things, take a few minutes to identify and bucket common themes from their email and summarise their message and reply accordingly. 


Tip 06 : 

HYPERLINK WHENEVER POSSIBLE

If you are sharing a link with someone over email, you really should take an extra few seconds to hit command control K on windows and hyperlink the external website or video. It decreases the chance of making a mistake by adding an extra letter or deleting one in the original URL. 


Tip 07 : 

CHANGE DEFAULT SETTINGS TO REPLY 

Change your default settings to reply instead of reply all. Let's say you reply to an email in a rush and you do make a mistake, the damage is contained to that one recipient because your default setting is a reply to one person instead of a reply to all. 


Tip 08 : 

CHANGE UNDO SEND OPTION TO 30s 

When it comes to emailing your workplace, you always catch your mistakes 10 seconds after the email is already sent. Instead of the default 5 seconds undo sent, we can change it to 30 seconds for good measurements. 


It's that simple. 


Thanks for reading! If you found this post helpful, follow me for more insights on self-improvement.



 #email #india #selfdevelopment 

According to me, making email etiquette mistakes in the workplace is not going to capsize your career, but learning the unspoken rules of writing professional emails will affect how competent you are perceived to be in the eyes of your colleagues.

And since there are no standardized training courses I'll be providing you with very real benefits of getting good at email writing in the workplace. 

Thinking back to the last time I received a poorly written email, I might have had to reread it a few times to get the main point and the action items might have been scattered all over the place. 


So let me give you 8 basic tips on email etiquette or email writing,


Tip 01 : 

INCLUDE CTA IN THE SUBJECT LINE

Include a call to action in the email subject line when appropriate. Include exactly what you need the recipient to do and estimate the time it takes for them to do it. Or it is not appropriate to include estimated time and be specific with the call to action. 


Tip 02 : 

ONE EMAIL THREAD PER TOPIC 

Stick with the one email thread for the same topic. Separate emails for the same project whenever you have a new idea are not appropriate. Multiple new emails on the same topic just clog up their inboxes unnecessarily. 


Tip 03 : 

RECIPIENT MANAGEMENT

Explain why you added in or took out recipients in email threads. There are many situations where you have to add someone into the email thread to get their input or take someone out to spare their inbox. A professional and easy way to do this is to add a sentence at the very top of the email clearly showing who you added in or took out.


Follow up for 5 more tips 😎

I'll be posting 5 more tips tomorrow at 10AM.




 #email #learning #job

1,206 followers

Should You Be Concerned About the Russia-Ukraine Crisis?

Were you tuned to the news last week to follow the unfolding geopolitical crisis between Russia and Ukraine? 

The stock markets have been on a roller coaster ride because of the possibility of Russia launching a full-fledged war, which would be disastrous for the world economy.

Geopolitical standoffs between countries around the world are no longer uncommon! 

However, as a stock market participant, relying on the data may bring some relief!

What's going on?

A stressful climate in economies around the world began to emerge, in addition to the US Fed's monetary tightening attitude, as border tensions between Russia and Ukraine escalated.

Also, oil prices began to rise as a result of political instability in the region, which would have hampered oil supplies from Russia, an essential member of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC). 

India, which now imports more than 80% of its oil requirements, may face greater import costs if crude oil prices rise.

What Do the Numbers Say?

A review of historical data is reassuring. Markets have frequently rallied rapidly following a risk-off! 

Data from the last two decades demonstrates that stock markets around the world have largely ignored geopolitical threats after a certain point (with only two exceptions) by not only rebounding from their lows but also providing positive returns to investors within a month of such an occurrence!

For example, due to India-China border tensions, the Indian benchmark index fell 1.2 per cent on June 15, 2020, but rebounded to gain 7.6 per cent the following month. 

Last week, the Indian benchmark indices plummeted by 3% before recovering!

Bottom line: There's no need to be concerned as long as nothing fundamentally changes in a firm! 

Instead, these brief falls should be viewed as opportunities to buy good companies' stocks. It is much easier to control emotions when one thinks rationally and uses data. 

After all, this wasn't the first or last time that a geopolitical incident sent stock market investors on a wild journey!

The stock markets may face additional volatility as a result of this event's developments, but investors should maintain their investment discipline. 

After all, in the long run, the markets have only ever moved in one direction: upward!

#stockmarket #investment #data #finance #economy #geopoliticalrisk 
        

It is worthwhile to look at these two technological game-changers today since, regardless of your present sector, 5G and IoT will eventually have an influence on your life and business.

There are several ways in which 5G will impact various parts of daily life, including IoT. 

How will the Internet of Things benefit from 5G? 

The creation of data will increase significantly, and device connectivity will increase thanks to the fifth generation of mobile networks.

With the internet of things, gadgets will be entirely networked without the need for human involvement.

IoT improves the home and corporate worlds by bringing the power of the internet, data processing, and analytics into the real world through technological gadgets.

IoT effects of 5G 

Together, these two technological and internet breakthroughs will significantly enhance many facets of communal life.

The Internet of Things depends on rapid communication between IoT devices, including smartphones and tablets, via apps and websites.

The advent of 5G will enable the fastest data transfer in human history, with rates up to 10 times faster than those now offered by 4G LTE networks.

Together, 5G and IoT will provide a vast amount of data that will enable businesses to access powerful business intelligence tools.

The ability for businesses to make important decisions based on insightful data will therefore spur innovation and result in cost savings for long-term success.

Increasing network dependability through the creation of more dependable connections between devices. The rollout of 5G networks will also increase network dependability.

Technological advancements or emerging technologies like virtual reality and augmented reality will benefit greatly from the symbiotic interaction between 5G and the IoT, making them much more accessible.

Along with the advantages of home usage, 5G and IoT will spur innovation in a variety of brand-new industries.

Several of these industries include:

Automobiles: Real-time data transmission and enormous data assimilation are necessary for self-driving automobiles to function.

Such an IoT reality will be easier to achieve because of 5G's fast speeds and minimal latency.

Retail: AR and VR will improve customer interaction and will be made even more feasible by 5G. 

Healthcare: 5G will keep bringing IoT into the medical industry, which will be especially helpful to remote and rural locations.

Logistics: 5G will make it possible to collect real-time data at every stage of a supply chain.

Smart Cities: The IoT reach will be extended by 5G to include smart cities in addition to smart households.

The 5G revolution is only getting started, and the IoT's potential is continuously being explored and used.

Businesses should think about 5G as their preferred network to improve their corporate processes if they want to stay ahead of the competition.

#business #technology #internetofthings #5g #analytics #data #network #telecom #innovation
        

Moonlighting Discussion

The controversy over whether or not to moonlight has dominated the news, with both proponents and opponents of the practice.

But when Wipro made a dramatic move, it all went down. Wipro sacked 300 workers for moonlighting, claiming the firm could not tolerate such individuals.

Let's define moonlighting specifically before I continue.

Moonlighting is the practice of doing a second job or receiving payment for tasks done while still employed full-time.

Why do people moonlight, then?

People started taking up jobs and working on them outside of normal working hours to make extra money since they felt uncomfortable about their jobs after the outbreak and thought they may be replaced whenever it was considered necessary.

However, Indian IT firms are vehemently opposed to this.

One such corporation, Wipro, took action against moonlighting within their organisation, but Wipro isn't the only one.

Moonlighting is a topic on which Infosys, TCS, and Wipro have all expressed opinions.

Tech Mahindra, however, has taken a tolerant posture toward moonlighting, stating that the corporation can accept the concept if it allows employees to earn some additional cash, but that the employees must also be open about it.

But only for Tech Mahindra, this is the case.

Companies like Infosys have had their HR departments send out emails to all of their employees warning them to read their employment contracts and stating that doing so could result in termination. 

Simply put, Infosys anticipates that its employees will remain dedicated to the business even when they are not working.

What's the deal with moonlighting?

Employees desire to have the freedom to work additional jobs during their after-work hours, even though businesses will always want their employees to remain linked to just their company.

In terms of logic, it makes sense to permit people to pursue their interests when they are not actively engaged in their full-time occupations because, in the end, everyone is here to pursue their well-being, and making additional cash will only serve them.

#business #work #job #employment #workinghours #finance #humanresource #startup #technology 
        

Industry of Online Gaming Needs a Regulatory Framework

Recent calls for intervention and stricter regulation of India's online gaming industry came from a group of senior authorities under Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

They suggested a legal structure to govern and categorise India's online gambling market.

Games used to be a form of entertainment. Online gaming becomes a full-time career. By playing these games, people are making actual money.

The stock market is governed by SEBI, banks are governed by RBI, and insurance is governed by IRDAI.

There is no regulatory framework in place for online gaming as of yet.

The founders of Indian skill gaming startups and representatives from the industry groups met for two hours on June 7, 2022, to discuss creating a framework for the online gaming market.

A regulatory framework, as well as type, have been proposed by the panel during the most recent meeting, which served as a follow-up to the previous session.

The proposed law will divide the internet gambling industry into two categories.

Online chess, ludo, and other games that rely on skill to win are examples of skill-based games.

Games or gambling where your chance of winning completely depends on luck include sports betting, casino games, and other similar activities

The group carefully analysed the issue and provided proposals for creating a new legal framework for both free and pay-to-play skill-based games played online.

Luck-based games and gambling websites will be subject to greater regulation under the new regulatory framework. 

Any gambling website that accepts real money from Indian customers ought to be a legitimate business as defined by Indian law.

They also suggested that gaming platforms have effective grievance redress processes and adhere to India's KYC standards, as well as that game companies follow a Code of Ethics.

The legislative framework would also give the executive branch the ability to obstruct unregistered internet gambling providers.

The sector is growing so quickly that it is necessary to establish a regulatory framework. India has recently grown to be one of the key markets for internet gaming.

India had roughly 390 million internet gamers in 2021, and that number is expected to rise.

The Indian gaming industry would generate Rs 13,600 crore in revenue by 2021. And by 2025, it's anticipated to reach Rs 29,000 crore.

There is a chance that as the number of people grows, so too will the number of scams. As a result, there is a dire need for online gambling regulation.

A proper legal framework, policy structure, and data privacy processes will be established by the regulatory framework. The Indian online gaming industry might get the ability to fly and scale new heights if certain conditions are met.

Following additional panellist comments, the IT ministry will finalise the report before sending it to the cabinet secretariat for approval.

#business #startup #onlinegames #data #india #law #compliance 
        

As we all know, multiplex operators have had a difficult few years. 

Back-to-back Covid waves combined with fierce competition from wealthy OTT players severely damaged business. 

If that wasn't enough, several box office duds decreased attendance, further delaying the comeback!

Their failure was attributed to several factors, including poor material, social media backlash, and expensive tickets. 

Additionally, a limited OTT window (usually one to two months after release) deterred viewers from attending in big numbers. 

However, industry observers anticipate this trend to change in the future.

Despite receiving mixed reviews, the recent success of the Ranbir-Alia blockbuster Brahmastra is evidence of a large unmet need among viewers. 

Sentiment has also been sparked by a strong schedule of films leading up to the holiday season, including Avatar 2, Black Adam, and Vikram Veda. 

Movie theatres continue to have the advantage over OTT platforms because of effective marketing, distinctive material (with a focus on VFX), and a strong star cast.

Another important development is the completion of the PVR-Inox merger, which created India's largest entertainment company. 

With 1,500 screens across all of India, the combined company will hold 40% of the multiplex market. 

As more screens are added and traditional theatres, which account for 70% of the market for film presentation, continue to lose business, this share will grow even more. 

Significant cost and revenue synergies from the transaction will also be realised, such as when improved ad income conditions are negotiated.

#business #marketing #socialmedia #india #entertainment #vfx #covid #film 
        

Yes Bank is doing well. So far this year, it has one of the strongest financial records among private sector banks. 

The stock rose +30% during the previous six months, reaching its highest point since January 2021. 

For your information, that is greater than the same period results from ICICI Bank, IDFC First Bank, Axis Bank, and HDFC Bank.

Optimism has been spurred by several factors, including the sale of its bad credit portfolio, a potential funding round from significant private investors, and new management. 

Yes Bank would sell JC Flowers Asset Reconstruction Company's stressed debts valued at Rs 48 billion. 

That amounts to over 80% of the bad loan portfolio for Yes Bank. Given that Yes Bank has the highest NPA proportion among private banks, this is a major advantage.

To raise money, Yes Bank has also spoken with several private investors. We have been hearing this for what feels like ages. 

However, sources claim that Advent and Carlyle Group, two private equity groups, are in advanced negotiations to spend $1.1 billion. 

Markets are hopeful that it will be successful this time and bring in some money. 

The reaction was further strengthened by rumours that Aditya Puri, the former head of HDFC Bank, would join the board of directors.

Investors wager that the aforementioned elements may aid the bank's comeback after its collapse in 2018. 

Not everyone, though, is optimistic. Experts claim that they are still uncertain about the lender's plan to increase earnings. 

Before becoming positive, they'd rather wait a few quarters to observe outcomes that had improved. Facts win out over stories every time! 

Another major worry is the fierce rivalry from mid-sized competitors like Federal Bank and IDFC First.

#management #business #finance #stockmarket #banks #financialnews 
        

There is still much to be done in the seven-month war between Russia and Ukraine. 

Vladimir Putin, the president of Russia, raised the alarm when there were no signs of a de-escalation in the war between the two countries.

What is happening? 

On Wednesday, Putin announced a limited military deployment to help liberate some of Eastern Ukraine. 

In other words, as the fight shifts, Russia will send out more troops about 300,000.

Recent Ukrainian military victories in reclaiming strategic areas of the nation dealt a severe blow to the Russian military. 

Putin accused the West of inciting the conflict and urged it to employ all necessary means to defend itself.

Following Putin's speech, oil prices increased by 2%, passing the $90 per barrel level. 

The rupee fell to over 80 versus the US dollar as markets fell more than 1% intraday to reach the day's low.

These kinds of geopolitical developments are nearly impossible to forecast and navigate. 

In the upcoming weeks, experts cautioned, market volatility may increase even further. 

Recently, interest rates and inflation have captured our attention. 

However, the most recent events in Ukraine and Putin's statements serve as a reminder of much more pressing issues elsewhere.

#business #finance #trade #commerce #markets #interestrates #oil #events #war
        

Simplifying the Ethereum Merge.

Five might be pushing it, but during the evening, Ethereum combined the two blockchains it was managing into one, claiming this would cut its energy use by 99.95% and open the door for the expansion of the second-largest cryptocurrency network.

The primary change brought about by the Merge will be in how "blocks" of transactional data are added to the Ethereum blockchain. 

Individual owners won't notice a thing, though, as no changes are required on their end, and it is anticipated that gas costs and processing speed will remain constant, even though this entails major surgery for Ethereum.

What's going on inside the hood?

Ethereum has used two parallel blockchains for years: The first one, Mainnet, relies on a system known as proof-of-work, in which users compete to find solutions to cryptographic puzzles to add new blocks to the blockchain and gain rewards in the form of ether.

The Beacon Chain, which was installed in December 2020, is Mainnet's younger sibling. 

It expands by utilising proof-of-stake, in which "validators" stake a portion of their cryptocurrency in exchange for the right to be chosen at random to validate the accuracy of a new block of data. 

The block is posted to the blockchain and the validators are paid whenever a specific number of them concur that it is accurate.

The Mainnet's blocks will still be present, but when the Beacon Chain is joined with them, the new, combined blockchain will only taste like the Beacon Chain because new blocks will only be added using proof-of-stake, not proof-of-work.

But why?

Since it restricts the number of people who work on each block, proof-of-stake is significantly more energy efficient than proof-of-work. 

As of August, Ethereum accounted for 20% to 39% of all electricity used in the cryptocurrency industry, and its annual carbon emissions are comparable to those of Singapore. 

The Merge might have a significant impact on the industry's environmental impact and might even put pressure on Bitcoin, the biggest consumer of electricity, to use less energy.

Less energy demand also makes room for upcoming improvements. Scalability and transaction processing speed are the goals of Ethereum.

#data #cryptocurrency #blockchain #bitcoin #business #finance #digitalcurrency #network 
        

Byju's Reaction

The largest ed-tech company in the world, Byju's, has once again made waves in the commercial and financial worlds.

Byju's is one of the leading figures in India's startup ecosystem, but it has encountered its fair share of criticism throughout the years, and this time is no exception.

To put things in perspective, it managed to lose 12.5 Cr every single day in FY21. 

With a market value of 22 billion dollars, Byju's losses have increased 17 times, totalling 4588 crores. These figures are not only astounding but also deeply troubling.

Byju's also drew the attention of two of the most well-known business figures, Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw and Harsh Goenka, for the same reason. 

They both concur that Byju's 22 billion dollar valuation is absurd and that the facts do not support it.

Byju's was also the subject of suspicion because it had nearly two years to wait before announcing its results. 

Ironically, it also intends to go public in two to three years, making it the largest IPO in Indian history.

(At least Byju's cannot conceal its financial performance once it becomes public.)

Has the revenue grown?

The financial statistics show that Byju's generated 2280 Cr in revenue. Yes, losses are twice as much as revenues.

When one considers the revenue and the growing losses, one would naturally believe that the revenue must have increased, but that isn't the case either; rather, the revenue has remained constant.

This undoubtedly raises a concern for the business in the high-growth climate, but Byju's has a solution.

According to Byju's, their revenue appears to be flat as a result of the new accounting regulations, but they anticipate a large increase in sales next year, surpassing 10,000 Cr.

Is the ship stable?

Though they have made several acquisitions and intend to make more in the worldwide market, which would require additional financing and maybe increase expenses, Byju's seems to have enough backing to continue itself for the time being, despite possible disagreements surrounding this issue.

Semeru Equity has yet to give Byju's $300 million, and Byju's has additional plans to raise money.

#business #sales #india #startup #auditing #finance #accounting 
        

Sports always unite! Had a wonderful game day today evening.

You must applaud those who play a sport if you appreciate watching it and love to see it played well. If they symbolise "you- your town or city or college," the better. 

It's a lot of fun to be a part of a tribe that is successful if you can't be successful in your own life.

In general, people only inform you that playing sports can help you lose weight. It is extremely limited.

When exercise is paired with a healthy diet, the benefits go far beyond pointless weight reduction.

It is your immune system's strong ally.

Sports participation ought to be a way of life, just like taking a shower.

Undoubtedly, it requires work.

However, people are unaware of the capacities and amazing adaptability of their bodies.

Playing sports is your health insurance when combined with a proper food plan.

I find it incomprehensible why so many people believe that "sport," which falls under the broad category of physical activity, is not a necessity for survival.

Since we are physical beings, we are designed to move and run around. I don't know how folks expect to continually feel well without doing regular exercise.

Why people don't even consider exercising as an outlet for their complaints of sadness, laziness, anxiety, rage, boredom, addictions, etc. beyond me. It makes me ponder the nature of humanity in general.

Even though I lack natural athletic ability, I have discovered several enjoyable hobbies that have radically transformed my life, including dancing, yoga, walking, working out in the gym, and engaging in outdoor sports. I would be a morbidly obese basket case without them.

Thanks to Shreyas Dawane (GRMI Sports head), Puneet Malhotra and Global Risk Management Institute India for organising such an amazing game evening. It's much needed and great to be a part of the evening tribe. 

#GRMI #RiskReady #PGDRM #PGinRiskManagement #collegegameday #india #riskmanagement #sports
        

Tata New Business Parallel 

It is well known that the Indian conglomerate Tata has a foot in practically every boat, whether it be in the fields of IT, auto, chemicals, raw materials, hotels, and so forth.

However, Tata is currently attempting to grow one of its most cherished businesses, FMCG.

The major development is Tata's intention to buy a share in Bisleri.

The largest packaged water manufacturer in India, Bisleri, has a market share of 32% in the organised sector and a whopping 60% in the unorganised sector, which equates to a market of 20,000 Cr.

So how did Bisleri succeed in the cutthroat Indian market? That is a topic for a different conversation.

Given their competitors and the fact that all they sell is drinking water, Bisleri's market share is currently truly exceptional. The Tata conglomerate has expressed interest in the company as a result of this exceptional achievement.

However, why does Tata wish to enter the water industry? Do they understand it?

The straightforward response is that it does make sense for Tata and its subsidiaries, and there is only one justification for this;

Internal Ecosystem;

Given that Tata is a conglomerate with a wide range of businesses, including Bisleri, they have easy access to all drinking water market segments and can supply each of these enterprises with water without difficulty.

With quick access to drinking water, Tata can provide all of its markets, hotels, restaurants, airports, and whatever else you can think of.

Tata will always be able to meet its drinking water needs because of Bisleri's strong distribution network of 150 manufacturing facilities, 4,000 distributors, and 5,000 distribution trucks.

Tata and Bisleri's relationship makes sense on paper, but it will soon become clear whether they are a good match or not.

#india #markets #business #indianmarket #conglomerate #marketshare #subsidiaries 
        

16,691 followers

5000 Rs to 40000 Crore Rs.

Enormous wealth has been created by Rakesh
Jhunjhunwala Ji in his life by Investing and Trading in Stock Markets.

He has been an inspiration to many investors in India and across the globe.
Life is very uncertain and few things are not in our hands but there is a lot to learn from Rakesh Ji.
Felt sad to hear this news from the morning, difficult to digest but that's how life goes.
Tried to extract a few learnings from his investing journey which will keep guiding to every individual throughout his life.

Few wisdom's to learn from him:
1) Patience is virtue.
Patience is essential to have a long term success in
markets.
2) Make the most of the opportunities you see
Dont keep missing out on opportunities in your life,
learn and make most out of it.
3) Invest in businesses with competitive advantage.
Understand businesses properly and invest if it is
having some edge on it's peers.
4) You can't change the past but you can learn from it.
Learn from mistakes which you make in your life.
5)Search for small cap businesses with proven abilities and solid demand for their products.
Finding small businesses who is having great product and ability to scale can give you multibagger returns.

6) Investing should be a topic you feel strong about.
Investing can be developed by trying to learn more about it.
7) The more emotionally you invest in a stock, the more likely it is to lose value.
Dont invest randomly and emotionally by just listening
Always invest with the business facts and future potential of a company.


Make sure to share this with your friends to create more awareness about these simple but powerful lessons from one of the greatest in the business and comment which is your favorite learning from Rakesh Jhunjhunwal Ji's life.

 #business #success #india #learning #opportunities #share #future #inspiration #change #investing #trading #comment #markets #rakeshjhunjhunwala #stockmarket #finance
        

I am extremely delighted to see Shell EV Charging station @ Bengaluru. Shell is planning to expand 10000 EV Charging Stations across India by 2030. 
It will facilitate millions of EV users in coming times. 

Kudos to Team Shell India. 
Sanjay Varkey Anantharaman G Tanmoy Ghosh Giriprasad Nair Swati Rathi Swati Krishna Ayan Chatterjee Gunjan Bajoria Manav Sikka Chirag Parekh Anshul Malik Jagadish Nanjappa Tanmay Dani
        

१४ सितंबर-हिन्दी दिवस
हिन्दी दिवस पर आज मैं आपको मिलाता हूँ मेरे पापा से जो मेरे लिए हिन्दी के भीष्म पितामह है।

भारत सरकार की राजभाषा नीति के अनुसार बैंकों में भी दिनांक 14 अगस्त से 14 सितंबर तक राजभाषा माह मनाया जाता है।
ईस माह के दौरान विविध प्रतियोगिताओं का आयोजन किया जाता है। प्रत्येक वर्ष की तरह वर्ष २०१८ में भी सेन्ट्रल बैंक ऑफ इंडिया, अहमदाबाद क्षेत्र एवं अंचल द्वारा हिन्दी माह धूमधाम से मनाया गया। इस माह के दौरान अनेक प्रतियोगिताएं आयोजित की गई एवं मुख्य समारोह आज आयोजित किया गया, जिसमें विजेताओं को पुरस्कृत किए गए थे।
मेरे पिताजी, श्री उत्सव धोलकिया ने राजभाषा ज्ञान/शब्द ज्ञान और प्रश्नमंच प्रतियोगिताओं में प्रथम तथा हिन्दी भाषण प्रतियोगिता में द्वितीय स्थान प्राप्त किया था।
हिन्दी माह के दौरान सर्वाधिक ई-मेल हिन्दी में भेजने की प्रतियोगिता में भी उन्होंने प्रथम स्थान प्राप्त किया था।
वर्ष के दौरान नगर राजभाषा कार्यान्वयन समिति, अहमदाबाद द्वारा  आयोजित विभिन्न प्रतियोगिताओं में भी उन्होंने कई पुरस्कार प्राप्त किए हैं। हिन्दी में उनकी सर्वश्रेष्ठ उप्लब्धि वर्ष 2001 में रही, जब उन्होंने भारतीय रिजर्व बैंक द्वारा आयोजित "अखिल भारतीय अंतरबैंक हिन्दी निबंध प्रतियोगिता" में भाषिक क्षेत्र ख में प्रथम पुरस्कार प्राप्त किया। यह पुरस्कार "रू 10,000/-" उनको मुंबई में आयोजित समारोह में रिजर्व #बैंक के तत्कालीन गवर्नर डो बिमल जालान के करकमलों से प्राप्त हुआ। 
बैंक का अधिकांश: आंतरिक कार्य हिन्दी में करने हेतु वे सदा तत्पर रहते हैं।

जय हिंद, जय हिन्दी ।।
Utsav Dholakia

#Hindi #NationalLanguage #HindiDivas #RashtriyaBhasha
        

• Monday Motivation •

In today’s hectic and stressed life, everyone loose their temperament quickly, which cause speaking of undesirable words and that finally results into unnecessary heaviness of heart. 

One day, someone asked me during informal conversation, What do you do? I casually replied, I am owner of 3 factories. 
1. 🧠 Ice Factory
2. 👅 Sugar Factory 
3. ❤️ Steel Factory

I have learnt this beautiful thing from one experienced senior citizen. Keep your brain calm & chilled. Keep your tongue sweet (Speak sweet) and keep your heart always strong. This definitely helps you keeping yourself stable in any damn situation and you can come out of any problem smoothly. 

Let us start shaping ourselves in such a manner that we can keep calm and be stable and balance our personal, professional & spiritual life. 

#monday #motivation #thoughts #stability #heart #mind #tongue #ice #sweet #steel #chilled #strong #balance
        

I have heard somewhere, you have right to make mistakes everyday, but the condition is, mistake should be the new one. 

We make mistakes everyday in every step, in our personal, professional & spiritual life too. But if we don’t learn from the mistakes, it is a crime. Making mistake is not. 

I have always learnt a lot from my past mistakes, hence, I am wishing teachers’ day to my mistakes because they are my important teachers. 

Happiest Teachers Day to all my Retail Gurus from Tea Post Official & Shell  too, who have taught me incredible lessons of Retail Business. 

 #business #retail #teachers #happyteachersday #mistakes #life #crime #learn #unlearn
        

Greetings to everyone on the eve of Ganesh Chaturthi. May Vighna Harta vanish all problems and hurdles from your lives & bless you all with whatever wishes in your personal and professional lives. 💐

Ganpati Bappa Moriya. 🙏🏻

#ganeshchaturthi #ganesha #festival #india #tradition
        

Invest in HEALTH !! 

Rakesh Jhunjhunwala once said in his interview that my worst investment has been my health. 

In today’s era, in search of money, professional stability, ambitions, social status and unnecessary reasons of showing off ourselves, we are disturbing our physical & mental health in worst manner. 

Almost since last decade, young people bags Blood Pressure & Diabetes at the age of 30-35 only due to stress. 
One well know Saint of Swaminarayan Community oftenly says, “The bank balance left in your account at the time of your death is the extra work you did in your life, which you could have avoided”. But in India, we have a culture of savings our finance for our next generation and that leads to unnecessary stress and disturbance in our physical and mental health. 

Let us be sensible for our health too, and avoid taking unnecessary stress in our day to day life. 

One of my Gurus used to say in any damn situation of life, “Thai jase Dada, Ema kai na hoy!!” which means everything will be fine, nothing to worry. 

 #work  #india #people #community #health #finance #mentalhealth #investment #culture #money #bank
        

In 1990s market was booming, after Harshad Mehta Scam in 1992, it went down and rised up again. 
In 2008, market went drastically down (almost by 40%) but again went up. 
In Corona Pandemic, market crashed (Sensex approx 50000) afterwards it created all time high records (Sensex approx 62200). 

One must be scared in short term trading, but if you are investing in blue chip scripts with a long term view (say 8-10 years), you will definitely earn handsome profits. 

 #investing #trading #stockmarket
        

#LongStoryAlert ⚠️

Posting a story of 2018 which I just got in the memories field of my Facebook handle. 

People from Ahmedabad must have seen this man outside Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad  selling posters. 
I am observing him for the 12 years. He stands outside IIM Ahmedabad and sells posters of Swami Vivekananda, APJ Abdul Kalam etc. 

One fine day somewhere in 2018, I was passing through there and thought to meet him. I stopped my car and met him. I initiated my conversation with enquiry of the poster and I gradually started talking with him. 

He stands outside IIM Abd for almost 15+ years and sells such kind of posters. I have seen him in 10 degree cold weather as well as in 48 degrees hit and even in heavy rains. While having conversation with him, I came to know that he comes at around 10 in the morning and goes home at around 7 in the evening. He works 365 days. I asked him about the business, and he replied that initially he struggled a lot but nowadays people knows that this man will be standing outside IIM and they will get their poster there so mothers of school going children are his customers. 

I was quite impressed with his hardwork and when he became comfortable talking with me, I politely offer a job to show my gratitude for him. He immediately rejected with due respect and told me that he is satisfied with the earnings whatever it be because he is independent business owner. He don’t want to do a job. His reply brought a smile on my face and my smile became reason for his smile. Captured a selfie with him. 

When I was leaving, he told me “અહીં થી નીકળો ત્યારે મળતા જજો સાહેબ.” (Sir, keep meeting me whenever you pass by here). And I left with the satisfaction in my heart that I talked with this man and made him smile.

P.S.: I bought one poster of Swami Vivekananda too from him.

 #business #job #management #people #facebook #gratitude #respect #ahmedabad #happiness #independent #smallbusiness #msme #government #makeinindia #iim
        

874 followers

"After a shrill and protracted campaign, Prime Minister Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) won two crucial state elections, one of them being his home state Gujarat, where the party managed to scrape through with 99 seats but only after its legislative seats tally had come down by 14 from its previous score. Some analysts suggested Premier Modi was on course to win the general elections in 2019, but others believe that given the tough fight that the opposition Congress managed to put up this time, it might not be that easy. An analysis of the results in Gujarat shows that the ruling party would have lost had the elections been held only in the countryside. An unaddressed agrarian crisis and unceasing unemployment have fuelled widespread discontent in rural Gujarat which, if unaddressed nation-wide, could make it difficult for Modi to cruise through in 2019. This message seems to have reached the ruling party as there were suggestions that the government would likely increase funding for farmers, rural jobs and infrastructure while making all attempts to follow a fiscal prudence path.Yet another outcome of the elections is that the newly appointed Congress president, Rahul Gandhi, seems to have emerged as a challenger to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, with the Congress managing to reach its highest seat tally and vote share in Modi's home state in the last two decades.In another setback for the ruling party and a booster for the Congress, a special Central Bureau of Investigation court acquitted all 17 accused in the 2G spectrum scam case, which contributed to the ouster of the Congress in the 2014 general election. Prime Minister Modi rose to power in 2014 on the plank of ending corruption in public life and promising the country the "Gujarat Model" of development." - Tony Khindria.

Nation

The Bharatiya Janata Party wins the crucial the Gujarat elections—its fifth straight win in the state—but not without a struggle. Its final seat tally of 99 seats was the lowest in nearly two decades and this is the first time since 1998 that it slipped into double digits. Click for more >>>

A special court acquits former Telecom Minister, Andimuthu Raja, along with politicians and business executives of graft and money laundering charges in the grant of telecom licences due to lack of evidence in one of the country's biggest corruption scandals. The case relates to the alleged below-market-price sale of lucrative telecom permits bundled with airwaves in 2008, which a federal auditor said may have cost the government as much as $28 billion in lost revenue. Click for more >>>

India drops the December 31 deadline for citizens to link Aadhaar details to facilities such as bank accounts and telephone numbers, saying it would announce a fresh date later. The move came as the Supreme Court hears a number of cases over a controversial identification project known as Aadhaar based on biometric details rolled out by the government nationwide. Click for more >>>

India's main opposition party Congress elevates Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's most fabled political dynasty, as its president, preparing to challenge the dominance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ahead of national polls in 2019. In a long-awaited move, Gandhi, the great-grandson of India's founding prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, was elected unopposed to head the party. Click for more >>>

India says that it does not envisage any negotiated outcome at the 11th ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization that does not include a permanent solution to the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes. Speaking at the plenary session ahead of closed doors negotiations, trade minister, Suresh Prabhu, said that a permanent solution is a matter of survival for 800 million hungry and undernourished people in the world. Click for more >>>

The government asks TV channels not to air condom advertisements during the daytime which could be "indecent and inappropriate for viewing by children".  Click for more >>>

The lower house of the Indian Parliament signs off on a law which criminalizes the practice of instant triple talaq (divorce).The legislation seeks to protect the rights of married Muslim women by prohibiting the practice under which a Muslim man can divorce his wife by uttering the word "talaq" three times at one go. Click for more >>>

India asks a London court to extradite tycoon Vijay Mallya to face fraud charges of palming off losses from his failing Kingfisher Airlines onto a state-owned bank. Mr Mallya denies any wrongdoing. Click for more >>>

Fire at a rooftop restaurant in the India's financial hub Mumbai kills at least 14 people, most of them women, attending a birthday party, including the celebrant who had just turned 28. The blaze occurred in a commercial building in the Kamala Mills district, home to several corporate offices and high-end pubs and restaurants. Click for more >>>

A federal audit, citing lapses in planning and financial management of a flagship scheme, has found that India has spent less than a quarter of the funds available for a programme to clean up the Ganges river over the last two years. The government had only used $260 million of the $1.05 billion earmarked for the National Mission for Clean Ganga Programme between April 2015 and March 2017, according to the report from the Comptroller and Auditor General of India. Click for more >>>

The Asian Development Bank lowers India’s GDP forecast for the current fiscal by 0.3 per cent to 6.7 per cent, attributing it to tepid growth in the first half, demonetisation and transitory challenges of tax sector reforms. It has also revised downwards the GDP outlook for next fiscal beginning from March 2018 to 7.3 per cent from 7.4 per cent mainly due to rising global crude oil prices and soft growth in private sector investment. Click for more >>>

India looks set to leapfrog Britain and France next year to become the world's fifth-largest economy in dollar terms, a report by the Centre for Economics and Business Research (CEBR) shows. "Despite temporary setbacks ... India's economy has still caught up with that of France and the UK and in 2018 will have overtaken them both to become the world's fifth largest economy in dollar terms," Douglas McWilliams, CEBR Deputy Chairman said. Click for more >>>

India's finance ministry cautions investors about the risks of trading in cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, saying digital currency investments are like "Ponzi schemes". Cryptocurrencies are not legal tender and have no regulatory permission or protection in the country, the Finance Ministry said in a statement, but stopped short of announcing an outright ban or imposing any curbs. Click for more >>>

Industry

Cairn India Holdings Ltd, a unit of metals and mining firm Vedanta Resources Plc, acquires a controlling equity stake in Japanese company AvanStrate Inc. for $158 million. AvanStrate Inc. is a liquid crystal display glass substrate maker in which Carlyle Group Lp holds a majority stake. Click for more >>>

Canada Pension Plan Investment Board wants to invest more in India in asset classes such as private credit and private equity, says the Pension Fund’s President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Machin. Since making its first investment in India in 2009, CPPIB, Canada's largest pension fund, has invested close to C$6 billion in India. Click for more >>>

Prime Minister Narendra Modi reiterates his government's resolve to press ahead with its reforms agenda, saying that the reforms rolled out over the last three years have yielded an improvement in India's ease of doing business ranking as well as an increase in foreign investments in various sectors of the economy. He was addressing industrialists at the annual general body meeting of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry. Click for more >>>

The Supreme Court allows Britain's Vodafone to initiate a second arbitration process under an India-UK investment pact over a long-running $2 billion-plus tax dispute with New Delhi. Vodafone, the world's second-largest mobile operator, entered India in 2007 by acquiring Hutchison Whampoa's wireless assets. It is contesting a tax bill of more than $2 billion relating to that acquisition. Click for more >>>

Private equity giant Warburg Pincus to buy a minority stake in the direct-to-home television arm of Bharti Airtel Ltd., India’s biggest mobile-phone operator. Warburg Pincus has agreed to pick up a 20% stake in unit Bharti Telemedia Ltd for $350 million (Rs 2,259 crore). Click for more >>>

India's largest luxury car maker Mercedes-Benz India Pvt. Ltd calls for tax breaks for the automobile industry to build a sustainable business model for electric vehicles in the country. Click for more >>>

The Adani Group cancels an A$2 billion contract with Australian mining services company Downer EDI as part of a cost-cutting drive. Downer EDI is an engineering and infrastructure services provider. The contract relates to the A$16.5 billion Carmichael coal mine project, one of the world's largest. Gujarat-based Adani Group's move comes a week after the Queensland government vetoed its request for a loan. Click for more >>>

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (TCS) wins a $2.25 billion outsourcing contract, the largest ever bagged by an Indian information technology firm, from television ratings measurement company Nielsen. The deal marks the renewal of TCS’s engagement with Nielsen, which first awarded a $1.2 billion 10-year contract to the Mumbai-based company in 2007. Click for more >>>

The US subsidiary of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories Ltd reaches a settlement with the US Government in a case involving packaging for five blister-packed prescription products. In a joint filing by the parties, Hyderabad-based Dr Reddy’s and the US Department of Justice agreed to the settlement of the action without any adjudication of any issue of fact or law. Click for more >>>

Homegrown cab-hailing major Ola agrees to acquire the Indian business of food delivery platform Foodpanda from its Germany-based parent Delivery Hero in an all-stock deal. Ola has also committed to inject $200 million into Foodpanda India to expand its business, it said in a statement.  Click for more >>>

India's largest telecom operator Bharti Airtel Ltd has said its subsidiary in Rwanda will buy Tigo Rwanda Ltd, making Airtel the second largest telecom firm in the African nation. Bharti Airtel said Airtel Rwanda Ltd has signed a definitive agreement with Millicom International Cellular S.A., to acquire 100% in its subsidiary Tigo Rwanda. Click for more >>>

Deutsche Post DHL's dedicated ecommerce logistics arm to start operations in India as a booming online retail industry, the implementation of goods and services tax and the infrastructure status given to the logistics industry promise massive growth potential. Click for more >>>

Swedish car maker Volvo Car Corp. to sell only electric, hybrid and plug-in hybrid cars in India after 2019 as part of its plan to shift to such vehicles worldwide. Click for more >>>

Apple Inc., the maker of iPhones, is now within touching distance of crossing $2 billion in sales from India. According to documents posted with the Registrar of Companies on Tuesday, Apple India Pvt. Ltd posted sales of $1.8 billion for the year ended March 2017, a 17% growth in a country, which Apple globally has termed as one of its fastest growing markets. Click for more >>>

Fairfax India Holdings Corporation plans to raise as much as $1.5 billion more to invest in India, as the Toronto Stock Exchange-listed investment firm steps on the gas in the country. Click for more >>>

India is likely to change rules to allow foreign airlines to bid for the country’s debt ridden national carrier, Air India Ltd as long as they have a local joint venture with an Indian partner. Existing rules allow foreign airlines to own as much as 49% in an Indian airline, with the exception of Air India. Click for more >>>

Apple Inc asks India to defer a planned increase in import taxes on mobile phone parts so it can expand its iPhone manufacturing in the country. The U.S. technology giant has been in talks with Indian officials for months, seeking "pre-requisites" - government tax breaks and incentives - for expanding its operations in one of the world’s fastest-growing smartphone markets. Click for more >>>

The Unique Identification Authority of India orders an investigation against Bharti Airtel for opening Airtel Payments Bank accounts of customers surreptitiously while carrying out verification of their mobile numbers with their biometric identification. The matter came to the fore when payments related to cooking gas subsidy landed into the Airtel Payments Bank account for some customers, and not in their pre-designated savings bank accounts with other banks. Click for more >>>

Salil Satish Parekh, a top executive at global IT services giant Capgemini has been chosen to head Infosys Ltd a little over four months after the acrimonious exit of Vishal Sikka. The appointment of Parekh marks the second time that Infosys has chosen an outsider to helm the company, after being run by its founders for the better part of its first three decades of existence. Click for more >>>

International Business Machines has touched $5 billion in revenue in India—making it larger than a bunch of other top homegrown outsourcing firms. IBM, the world’s largest technology services firm posted robust growth of nearly 41% in the April-March period, driven by strong technology spending in the domestic outsourcing market. Click for more >>>

Two major Chinese lenders plan to support a move by China Development Bank to put Reliance Communications Ltd into insolvency court as they seek to recover about $2 billion in debt. Last month, China Development Bank began insolvency proceedings against RCom. Click for more >>>

Uber Technologies Inc and a woman who accused top executives of improperly obtaining her medical records after a company driver raped her in India agree to settle a civil lawsuit the woman filed against Uber in June, according to a U.S. federal court filing. The Uber driver was convicted of the rape, which occurred in Delhi in 2014, in a criminal case in India. He was sentenced in 2015 to life in prison. Click for more >>>

www.livemint.com

in.reuters.com

ibnlive.in.com

vccircle.com

timesofindia.indiatimes.com

thehindubusinessline.com

economictimes.indiatimes.com

We provide this review for general information purposes only and we do not vouch for the accuracy of the contents of the articles. The views contained in the articles are not necessarily those of the firm.

From Wikipedia

Harshad MehtaBorn29 July 1954[1]

Paneli Moti, Gujarat, IndiaDied31 December 2001 (aged 47)

MumbaiResidenceMumbai, Maharashtra, IndiaNationalityIndianCitizenshipIndiaOccupationBusinessman, StockbrokerHarshad Mehta was an Indian stockbroker, well known for his wealth and for having been charged with numerous financial crimes that took place in 1992. Of the 27 criminal charges brought against him, he was only convicted of four, before his death at age 47 in 2001. It was alleged that Mehta engaged in a massive stock manipulation scheme financed by worthless bank receipts, which his firm brokered in "ready forward" transactions between banks. Mehta was convicted by the Bombay High Court and Supreme Court of India[2] for his part in a financial scandal valued at ₹ 4999 Crores which took place on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). The scandal exposed the loopholes in the Indian banking system, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) transaction system and SEBI further introduced new rules to cover those loopholes. He was tried for 9 years, until he died in late 2001.[3][4]

Contents  

Harshad Shantilal Mehta[5] was born on 29 July 1954,[6] at Paneli Moti, Rajkot district, in a Gujarati Jain family. His early childhood was spent in Kandivali, Mumbai, where his father was a small-time businessman. Later, the family moved to Raipur's Modhapara, Chhattisgarh, where Mehta studied in Holy Cross Byron Bazaar Higher Secondary School. A cricket enthusiast, Mehta did not show any special promise in school and came to Bombay after his schooling for studies and to find work.[7] Mehta completed his B.Com in 1976 from Lajpatrai college Mumbai and worked a number of odd jobs for the next eight years.[5]

After graduation, Mehta tried his hand at various jobs, often related to sales, including selling hosiery, cement, and sorting diamonds. Mehta started his career as a sales person in the Mumbai office of New India Assurance Company Limited (NIACL). During this time, he got interested in the share market and after a few years, resigned and joined a brokerage firm. In the early 1980s, he moved to a lower level clerical job at the brokerage firm Harjivandas Nemidas Securities where he worked a jobber for the broker Prasann Pranjivandas Broker who he considered his "Guru". Over a period of ten years, beginning 1980, he served in positions of increasing responsibility at a series of brokerage firms. By 1990, he had risen to a position of prominence in the Indian securities industry, with the media (including popular magazines such as Business Today) touting him as "The Amitabh Bachchan of the Stock market".[5]

In 1984, Mehta was able to become a member of the Bombay Stock Exchange as a broker and established his own firm called GrowMore Research and Asset Management, with the financial assistance of associates, when the BSE auctioned a broker's card.[5]He actively started to trade in 1986.[5] By early 1990, a number of eminent people began to invest in his firm, and utilize his services including the then minister P.Chidambaram through Chidambaram's own shell companies. It was at this time that he began trading heavily in the shares of Associated Cement Company (ACC). The price of shares in the cement company eventually rose from Rs. 200 to nearly 9000 due to a massive spate of buying from a set of brokers including Mehta.[8] Mehta justified this excessive trading in ACC shares by stating that the stock had been undervalued, and that the market had simply corrected when it revalued the company at a price equivalent to the cost of building a similar enterprise; the so-called "replacement cost theory" that he had put forward.[9]

During this period, especially in 1990-1991, the media portrayed a heightened deified image of Mehta, calling him "The Big Bull". He was covered in a cover page article of a number of publications including the popular Economic magazine Business today, in an article titled "Raging Bull". His flashy lifestyle of a sea facing 15,000 feet penthouse in the tony area of Worli complete with a mini golf course and swimming pool, his fleet of a fleet of cars including a Toyota Lexus, Corolla Starlet, Toyota Sera were flashed in publications. These further exemplified his image at a time when these were rarities even for the rich people of India.[10]

In criminal indictments later brought by the authorities, it was alleged that Mehta and his associates then undertook a much broader scheme, which resulted in manipulating the rise in the Bombay Stock Exchange. The scheme was financed by supposedly collateralisedbank receipts, which were in fact uncollateralised. The bank receipts were used in short-term bank-to-bank lending, known as "ready forward" transactions, which Mehta's firm brokered. By the second half of 1991 Mehta had earned the nickname of the 'Big Bull', because he was said to have started the bull run in the stock market.[9] Some of the people who worked in his firm included Ketan Parekh, who later would be involved in his own replicate scam.[7]

The Scam in printing & selling of stamp papers, which is used for recording documents for registration purpose. This scam is of about Rs. 2200 crores & involves fraudulent printing & sale of stamp papers in the various parts of the country. Up to the early 90s, banks in India were not allowed to invest in the equity markets. However, they were expected to post profits and to retain a certain ratio (threshold) of their assets in government fixed interest bonds. Mehta cleverly squeezed capital out of the banking system to address this requirement of banks and pumped this money into the share market . He also promised the banks higher rates of interest, while asking them to transfer the money into his personal account, under the guise of buying securities for them from other banks. At that time, a bank had to go through a broker to buy securities and forward bonds from other banks. Mehta used this money temporarily in his account to buy shares, thus hiking up demand of certain shares (of good established companies like ACC, Sterlite Industries and Videocon) dramatically, selling them off, passing on a part of the proceeds to the bank and keeping the rest for himself. This resulted in stocks like ACC (which was trading in 1991 for Rs. 200/share) to nearly Rs. 9000 in just 3 months.[7]

Another instrument used in a big way was the bank receipt (BR). In a ready forward deal, securities were not moved back and forth in actuality. Instead, the borrower, i.e. the seller of securities, gave the buyer of the securities a BR. The BR confirms the sale of securities. It acts as a receipt for the money received by the selling bank. Hence the name - bank receipt. It promises to deliver the securities to the buyer. It also states that in the mean time, the seller holds the securities in trust of the buyer.

Having figured this out, Mehta needed banks, which could issue fake BRs, or BRs not backed by any government securities. Two small and little known banks - the Bank of Karad (BOK) and the Mumbai Mercantile Co-operative Bank (MCB) - came in handy for this purpose.

Once these fake BRs were issued, they were passed on to other banks and the banks in turn gave money to Mehta, plainly assuming that they were lending against government securities when this was not really the case. He took the price of ACC from Rs. 200 to Rs. 9,000. That was an increase of 4,400%.The stock markets were overheated and the bulls were on a mad run. Since he had to book profits in the end, the day he sold was the day when the markets crashed.

On 23 April 1992, journalist Sucheta Dalal exposed Mehta's illegal methods in a column in The Times of India. Mehta was dipping illegally into the banking system to finance his buying.

Sucheta Dalal reveals Mehta's Scam

The crucial mechanism through which the scam was effected was the ready forward (RF) deal. The RF is in essence a secured short-term (typically 15-day) loan from one bank to another. Crudely put, the bank lends against government securities just as a pawnbroker lends against jewellery. The borrowing bank actually sells the securities to the lending bank and buys them back at the end of the period of the loan, typically at a slightly higher price. It was this ready forward deal that Mehta and his accomplices used with great success to channel money from the banking system.

Sucheta Dalal, The Times of India ,[11]

A typical ready forward deal involved two banks brought together by a broker in lieu of a commission. The broker handles neither the cash nor the securities, though that wasn't the case in the lead-up to the scam. In this settlement process, deliveries of securities and payments were made through the broker. That is, the seller handed over the securities to the broker, who passed them to the buyer, while the buyer gave the cheque to the broker, who then made the payment to the seller. In this settlement process, the buyer and the seller might not even know whom they had traded with, either being known only to the broker. This the brokers could manage primarily because by now they had become market makers and had started trading on their account. To keep up a semblance of legality, they pretended to be undertaking the transactions on behalf of a bank.

Another instrument used was the Bank receipt (BR). In a ready forward deal, securities were not moved back and forth in actuality. Instead, the borrower, i.e., the seller of securities, gave the buyer of the securities a BR. As the authors write, a BR "confirms the sale of securities. It acts as a receipt for the money received by the selling bank. Hence the name – bank receipt. It promises to deliver the securities to the buyer. It also states that in the mean time, the seller holds the securities in trust of the buyer."

Having figured out his scheme, Mehta needed banks which issued fake BRs (Not backed by any government securities). "Two small and little known banks – the Bank of Karad (BOK) and the Metropolitan Co-operative Bank (MCB) – came in handy for this purpose. These banks were willing to issue BRs as and when required, for a fee," the authors point out. Once these fake BRs were issued, they were passed on to other banks and the banks in turn gave money to Mehta, assuming that they were lending against government securities when this was not really the case. This money was used to drive up the prices of stocks in the stock market. When time came to return the money, the shares were sold for a profit and the BR was retired. The money due to the bank was returned.

This went on as long as the stock prices kept going up, and no one had a clue about Mehta's operations. Once the scam was exposed, though, a lot of banks were left holding BRs which did not have any value – the banking system had been swindled of a whopping ₹40 billion (US$620 million). He knew that he would be accused if people came to know about his involvement in issuing cheques to Mehta. M J Pherwani of UTI was also linked to Mehta.[9]

Exploiting several loopholes in the banking system, Mehta and his associates siphoned off funds from inter-bank transactions and bought shares heavily at a premium across many segments, triggering a rise in the BSE SENSEX. When the scheme was exposed, banks started demanding their money back, causing the collapse. He was later charged with 72 criminal offences, and more than 600 civil action suits were filed against him.[9]

He was arrested and banished from the stock market with investors holding him responsible for causing a loss to various entities. Mehta and his brothers were arrested by the CBI on 9 November 1992 for allegedly misappropriating more than 2.8 million shares (2.8 million) of about 90 companies, including ACC and Hindalco, through forged share transfer forms. The total value of the shares was placed at ₹2.5 billion (US$39 million).

Mehta made a brief comeback as a stock market guru, giving tips on his own website as well as a weekly newspaper column. However, in September 1999, Bombay High Court convicted and sentenced him to five years rigorous imprisonment and a fine of ₹25,000(US$390).[12] On 14 January 2003, Supreme Court of India confirmed High Court's judgement. It was a 2:1 majority judgement. While Justice B.N. Agrawal and Justice Arijit Pasayat upheld his conviction, Justice M.B. Shah voted to acquit him.[2]

Mehta again raised a furore on 16 June 1993 when he made a public announcement that he had paid Rupees 1 Crore to the then Congress president and prime minister, Mr P.V. Narasimha Rao, as donation to the party, for getting him off the scandal case.[3][13]

Mehta was under Criminal custody in the Thane prison. Mehta complained of chest pain late at night and was admitted to the Thane civil Hospital. He died following a brief heart ailment, at the age of 47, on 31 December 2001. He is survived by his wife and one son.[14] He died with many litigations still pending against him. He had altogether 28 cases registered against him. The trial of all except one, are still continuing in various courts in the country. Market watchdog, Securities and Exchange Board of India, had banned him for life from stock market-related activities.[3][15]

A 2011 wikileaks document revealed that Harshad Mehta had funds of ₹ 135,800 Crore (1,358,000,000,000) / ₹ 1358 Billion in thirteen sub accounts with UBS AG, a Swiss bank.[16]

Excited to share that on 28th September in Gujarat we (Microsoft TechData) are hosting  Techmart for becoming #futureready & accelerate digital transformation journey.

As a Small & Medium Business owner, do register on below link to have 1:1 Consultation with industry expert, experience digital solutions for your business with leading ISVs across the country

Register here https://smbtechmart.in

Anurup Singhal Shivangi Verma Ajitabh Dwivedi Sanya DuggalPragnesh Parmar Ramaswamy K A (Ram) Vinayendra Jain (VJ)Manish Kunwar 
#microsoft #isvs #experience
        

Aiming Indian businesses to be #futureready with the right digital solutions, Microsoft and Tech Data jointly presents – #TechMart. This unique event is designed to give you first-hand experience of digital solutions that fits your business needs & have 1-1 consultations with industry experts to address your current business challenges. We start our journey with #Ahmedabad…. More to come soon. Register: https://smbtechmart.in/

#digitaltranformation #smbs #msme #indianbusiness #Cloud 
Samik Roy Harish Vellat Anurup Singhal Shivangi Verma Sanya Duggal Ramaswamy K A (Ram) Amrita Thapar Vishesh Sehgal Rahul Dutta Irina Ghose Mohammed Sadiq Pasha Vinayendra Jain (VJ) Archit Dikshit Ranjith Nair Bhaskar Basu Anjita Lal Anushree Saxena Praveen Mellacheruvu Himani Agrawal #microsoft
        

I had the opportunity to meet with Abhijit Yardi from bitscape.
bitscape is a Microsoft Technologies-based boutique consulting, project services, managed services, and apps development company that aims at helping its customers increase business productivity by helping them in their digital transformation journey including automating processes and compliance reporting. Bitscape has a niche position as one of the very few AE MSP partners in India.

I was very encouraged when I heard Abhijit share details of the Microsoft skill pool bitscape boasts of : Certified resources, customer references and experience of serving customers successfully.

He was generous to share , at bitscape, they are firm believers of culture in the workplace, and this is embodied in the way the name of their organization is written: all letters in lowercase signifying equality and inclusiveness. 
Bitscape comes from philosophy of the expanse of “landscape of bits and bytes”

I couldn’t help but draw the parallel bitscape has emerged after the rebranding, to Satya Nadella’s book Hit Refresh.

Wishing bitscape team continued success and thank you for being a valued partner for Microsoft.

#MicrosoftIndia #MSPartners
        

The ServiceNow services landscape is evolving quickly with providers investing in expanding capabilities in non-ITSM product areas and building industry-specific solutions, especially in telecom, healthcare, financial services, and public sector.

Everest Group's ServiceNow Services #PEAKMatrix® assessment 2022 is out. See how these 25 providers stack against each other: Accenture Infosys Deloitte DXC Technology Cognizant EY Atos KPMG Wipro Capgemini NTT DATA Cask Thirdera Plat4mation Tech Mahindra Tata Consultancy Services LTI - Larsen & Toubro Infotech Fujitsu (Enable Professional Services) IBM Mindtree CloudGo Stefanini Group Volteo Digital HCL Technologies Mphasis 

Ronak Doshi Yugal Joshi Abhishek Singh A S Y. Abhishek Mundra 

https://okt.to/JI2mUP
        

Company Secretaries are the backbone of each and every organisation. They toil tirelessly to ensure that our organisations are running smoothly, are compliant and are growing. 

To me, my company secretaries are one of the most important people in the organisation. 

PS Rao and Associates, one of India’s most revered organisation had me deliver the the keynote address on “Expectations of an Entrepreneur from Professionals” today as they organised their “Success Utsav” where the young achievers who recently joined the elite club of Company Secretaries were felicitated. 

Today, just like how our country is in able hands, I realised that these young individuals will ensure that India’s companies will also flourish.
        

Happy to share that I have completed Executive Programme on Digital Transformation from Indian School of Business (ISB). 
I am grateful to faculty members, Program leaders Helen Ritchie and Dr. Matilde D'Amelio, FHEA for the great sessions and
guidance throughout the course. Thanks to ISB for the well-designed program that took us step by step into the concepts and practical applications. 
 
Eager to further hone my skills in the subject and apply it to real-life challenges in the corporate world

#digitaltransformation, #ISB
        

Congratulations to all new EY partners and principals around the world.

It was fantastic meeting with you all in Vancouver this week. What a milestone you have achieved.

Thank you for everything you have done and continue to do to build a #BetterWorkingWorld. And thank you to all the colleagues, mentors and families who have supported you along the way.
        

I am today proud on behalf of our Alliances & Acquisitions Team to announce McKinsey's new partnership with Salesforce. 

By uniting our strategic insights, benchmarks, and analytics with Salesforce's world leading CRM software and other cloud platforms, as well as the configuration and integration capabilities of our recent acquisition, S4G, a Salesforce Platinum Partner, we now have a real end-to-end delivery approach. 

This 3-way partnership has already helped several important clients, across a range of industries, capture significant value. We are therefore very confident that when this message travels, in the coming months and years, many more organizations that aspire to digitally transform, at a high pace and a large scale, will find this combined best-of-breed, end-to-end proposition very, very appealing.
        

We are often asked by our clients
- What are clinical service desks for healthcare providers?
- How are they different from traditional IT service desks?
- Are they more expensive than IT Service desks?

We try to answer some of these questions below.
If you are looking for more insights on Clinical Service Desks - please reach out to us at benchmarking@everestgrp.com.

Vaibhav Jain Rohan Pant Vinamra Shukla Ricky Sundrani 

#services #clinicalservicedesk #healthcareproviders #healthcareit #benchmarking #insights #everestgroup
        

Had an eventful few days at Goldman Sachs' inaugural Communacopia + Technology conference in San Francisco. In a show of our convening power, over 3,000 people joined us for fascinating conversations, including my session with Salesforce Chair and Co-CEO Marc Benioff on the economy’s digital revolution and my talk with Snowflake CEO Frank Slootman on the disruptive forces shaping the cloud industry. I also got the chance to visit our nearby office, where our people continue to do fantastic work. #GSCommunacopiaTech
        

How many remember the first round of #EdTech scam companies starting with Educomp, headed by the IIM pedigreed, Shantanu Prakash?

And it wasn't the only one - there were a whole bunch of these in the first 10-12 years of this century.

Did a report on why none of financials made sense some 15+ years ago when Educomp was a much owned and loved stock.

The sequel in theaters now, with the can of worms opening in #Byjus.

Had been expecting it a while!

Another occasion to remember the golden words of John Kenneth Galbraith

"There can be few fields of human endeavour in which history counts for so little as in the world of finance."

Give a few years gap and the same scam will work again. People are wired to forget and believe once again in the old/new story.

For those asking, these were the red flags for Educomp (see 2007 report below)

- Revenues sitting in sky-high receivables. So, the company's booking revenues but not getting paid.

-No free cash flows for years on end

- No cogent explanation from management as to how this model and accounting practices made sense

More long- term and general lesson: Please go beyond the company's Income statement into the Balance sheet, Cashflow statement etc - that's where the meat lies

See video: 
https://lnkd.in/dAFRG42i

#finance #investing #financialstatement #cashflow #investmentmanagement #Byjus
        

2,041 followers

A chit fund is a type of rotating savings and credit association system practiced in India. Chit fund schemes may be organized by financial institutions, or informally among friends, relatives, trade community, or neighbors. In simple terms, a chit fund is a savings cum borrowings scheme, wherein a few people (known as members or subscribers) come together and invest a fixed amount every month for a fixed period. In some variations of chit funds, the savings are for a specific purpose.  One of the best example of unorganized “Chit Fund” scheme is our own “Kitty parties”, which rely more on pooling the savings and redistribution to the winner for shopping of jewellery, expensive jewellery etc. Even poor living in shanties, zopadpatties, bastis also pool their savings and redistribute to the winner every month for buying some FMCG Luxury item like Freeze, TV etc.

Vishi (20s) Schemes: It is an informal version of the chit funds and the money, the type of people involved, and the violence unleashed are transforming many peaceful little known towns into a gangster's haven. The money game is known as Vishi or Bisi for it normally involves 20 (“vis” in Gujarati “BisI) players. It works like a kitty. A group of, 20 people get together and decide to pool in Rs 20,000 each every month. This amount, Rs 4 lakh in this case, is then put on auction. The members bid for the kitty and the one willing to give up the highest chunk of the total clinches it. Supposing the winner settles for Rs 3.5 lakh, the remaining Rs 50,000 is distributed as profit among all the members. And the cycle carries on, with each member continuing to contribute Rs 20,000 every month. Only next time the winner is barred from bidding. The trouble starts when a member refuses to pay instalments after winning the “Vishi” - a common occurrence among the less affluent who are exposed to sudden wealth. Often, the other members also refuse to pay up. The organiser then lets loose his goondas on the truant members. Unregistered chit funds are run in a manner very similar to vishi schemes.

Vishi schemes, community saving schemes popularly known as kuries outside Gujarat, and small unregistered chit funds that invest in stock markets, are struggling to return money invested by investors. There are number of unregistered chit fund managers and vishi sanchalaks (vishi bookmaker) out there struggling to recover public money invested in the market.

How it works?

A chit fund comprises a group of members, called subscribers. An organizer, a company or a trusted relative or neighbor, brings the group together and administers the activities of the group. For their efforts, the organizer is either compensated each month or at withdrawal time. The fund starts at an announced date and continues for the number of months equal to the number of subscribers. Each month, the subscribers put in their monthly installments into the pot. Then, an open auction is conducted to determine the lowest sum a subscriber is willing to take that month. For example, if the monthly installment is Rs.1000 and there are 50 members, the pot in the first month will contain Rs.50,000. If the auction determines a winner who is willing to accept Rs.45,000 for that month, the surplus Rs.5,000 is distributed to the other 49 members, after subtracting fees paid to the organizer. The subscriber who won the auction was able to access Rs.45,000 in the first month and the others benefited in their share of the Rs.5,000 surplus. The process repeats, distributing the auction amount to one member each month. All of the other subscribers, including the ones who took their share in a previous month, continue paying the monthly installments. The system acts as a borrowing scheme, because subscribers are able to access large sums of money before they've paid the full amount. It also acts as a savings system, because each subscriber contributes every month and may retrieve a large sum in the future while receiving their share of the surpluses. Variations of the system omit the auction part, instead drawing a winner by picking a chit out of a box.

What are risks?

·        Credit risk-Defaults of subscriber and collective contributions gets disturbed.

·        This is not regulated by any independent Regulators like RBI, SEBI.

·        We have seen many defaults and scams, very recently in Bengal and this is public knowledge.

·        Chit fund payments are not insured by the government, the system is a riskier method of saving than using a bank savings account

Which are famous cases of defaults?

Ø Peerless

Ø Sharda Chit Funds of West Bengal

Ø Sahara Schemes

Caution

Many of such schemes are run by local politicians and when scam unfolds, nothing happens. This also acts as money laundering vehicle for people affiliated with politicians. Eg. Sahara (having political support base) is facing serious enquiries from SEBI, ED, Income Tax & the case is monitored by SC. Hence be careful. Avoidable.

Regulator: None. But State Government can monitor through police, particularly cases of cheating, mismanagement etc.

https://www.wealthnestate.com/post/chit-funds-as-investment

CA Harshad Shah, harshadshah1953@yahoo.com

Symbols that matter
As soon as you enter the premises of #Vasavi College, #Tadepalligudem, stands this statue of the man who many would consider the embodiment of Hindu philosophy.

"Of lion like Hindu Monk who rejuvenated the nation"
Is what's inscribed on this statue of Swami #Vivekananda.

The Principal Dr. Ratnakar mentioned the status of Vivekananda and Saraswati bring a serene atmosphere and the right energy to the campus. He believes that control the otherwise noisy energy of the student.

A very honest administration, they have never taken shortcuts for rankings, ratings or audits, the Principal mentioned. They take every attempt to upskill the students.

Blackbucks is looking forward to skill the students in AI, ML and Data Science. The teaching will be part of their curriculum.

#campusdiaries 
#mycampusvisits
#blackbucks
        

Our proudest #accomplishment !! Blackbucks CEFT at JNTU. 
The Center of Excellence in Future Technologies.

When we look at the inequitable access to quality education and availability of opportunities for students, from a societal lens, we are not truly equipping our students to fully explore the #opportunities widely available. And we are not doing a great job of ensuring that students are able to have social mobility in the ways they want.

Over the next few months, #Blackbucks will set up #CEFT centers in tier-2 and tier-3 towns of the #Telugu states.
🤟🎉🎊💙🥇
        

Entry level salaries of software jobs haven't changed? Mohandas Pai says this? Does he know how much Fresher Doctors are paid? Or lawyers? Or Accountants?

Every compensation is an outcome of Economics:
1. Demand and Supply.
2. Contribution of a resource to a work. 

Few fresh hires in software are offered very very high packages compared to rest of the careers. Some go upto 20 lakhs INR per annum.

We should help students improve their #quality and hence deserving high pay. Don't just ask for pay hike. 
#Market corrects itself as per Economics.

#Blackbucks
#Economics #work 
#workforce  #jobs #students #software #job #doctors #lawyers #careers 

Infosys Limited 
Wipro 
Tata Consultancy Services 
Cognizant 

        

Adani (or Hon'ble Adani) Group has 0.9 debt-to-equity ratio, which in a normal case, would make it difficult to raise any sort of debt. 
Adani Group's #debt is Rs 2.6 trillion. And compared to Reliance Industries Limited  Power Business and Tata Consultancy Services of Tata Group, in fact, Adani Group doesn't have cash cows.

Also, there is so much transfer of #funds amongst different listed companies of Adani, in the name of #loans and buying #equity, it almost sounds fraud. It is in fact, house-of-cards.

But may be normal business people lack key skills like these (and of BYJU'S) and we have been doing it all wrong. 🤷

#business #entrepreneurs #entrepreneurship #startups #startup #founders #businessmen 
        

Some founders get with Timing and Marketing.
Some with Persistence and Execution.

Most of the founders fall in the second type, which is also the difficult type. Keep going as you prepare for the coming week.

#founders #marketing 
#entrepreneurs #startups #funding 
#success #team #execution 
        

BYJU'S  has to probably first acquire an accounting firm, in their acquisition spree.

Jokes apart, I can't but awe at the strength of the founder to stand against such huge pressures. 

Only that they should come up with better models of training / teaching. Marketing and Sales tactics can take you this far. But after this?
 #founder #better #training #education #entrepreneurship #founders #startups #valuation #accounting 
        

Figma the design tool, is acquired by Adobe for $20B.
Figma was started in fact to fix the gap that Adobe has: to be able to design on browser. 
#Browser based tools help us collaborate. I see the benefit of Google Docs over Microsoft Word.
Figma facilitated companies and startups to design products. Product Managers, designers, developers all can collaborate over the tool. 

Figma goes into the list of some great tools designed in past few years. Another being Canva.

Inspirational !!
 #startups #companies #developers #productdesign #productmanagers #designtool #figma #design #tools #designers #canva #designed #inspirational #entrepreneurs #founders
#founder #valuation
        

The principles that apply to first-world #startups are totally different from those that apply to third-world ones.

So as #founders, if you want to learn how #business works, speak to someone who has seen that & been there in #India.

#Podcasts, YouTube #videos and #books by first-world authors are all fascinating but don't apply to the startups in India.

#entrepreneurship #founder 
#success #experience

        

#Suicide among young people in the age group 14-22: students.
Recently, an MTech student from IIT Hyderabad left the world, with a suicide note that his research doesn't seem to be of any use.

Personally, I think suicides happen in the age group 14-22 mostly because of (1) performance demands and (2) success parameters set by #parents and #teachers. But, majorly by parents.

However, no one person (parent, teacher, counselor, friend) can implement suicide prevention efforts on their own. The participation, support, and active  involvement of families, schools, and communities are essential. 

Blackbucks always follows the principle #studentfirst and #aagekiphikrnahi. We make sure student understands #success comes in various #forms and in various #fields.

#suicidepreventionday 
        

#Startups
When the show "Friends" was first telecast, People Magazine gave it a D+ rating and Time magazine called the cast "dysfunctional morons."

If you want to succeed hang in there and keep doing good work.

Persistence beats everything.

        

When Charles Flint started IBM, the company was making punch clocks, computing scales and tabulating machines. 
The company was named Computing-Tabulating-Recording Co (Was that dumb?). After 14 years, it was renamed IBM.

Naming that dream startup is a big deal. Founders break their head for a creative one. It's nice to have good name. But, more important is good work for your #startup. 

Depend on good work. No other method stays longer.

#founders #startups #funding #capital #business #jobs 

        

Advocate I Researcher

A junior's perspective
Art of cross-examination: These are some of the facts I learnt while doing and listening to cross-examination of prosecution witnesses. 
1. It is a word game: attentively listen to the chief and catch a few words and play around them. Here comes the power of leading questions. For instance, if a case is regarding throwing off stones to hurt a person, in the cross ask "A came to u running with a 'knife'?" The witness will have to say yes or no, and there he will most probably say yes and thus he contradicted himself and his testimony is no more reliable as evidence. 
2. If there are more than one witness, try to ask such questions, whose answer has a probability of contradiction. This will create a doubt as to which witness is speaking the truth and on whom to rely for conviction. For instance: what was your reaction after the incident. Some might say, he went to hospital, some would say we lodged FIR etc etc.
3. In witness to the site plan, always ask if he signed the plan at the police station. The answer will prove where the plan was prepared either at the site only or in the station. 
4. The examination of Investigating authority should be done with almost concentration in order to show that there may be faults in his investigation. 

It improves when we listen to as many cross-examinations as possible of our colleagues, senior advocates.
I am sure you also have some tips to share, let's impart some knowledge to each other.#crossexamination #advocates #investigation #conviction #witness 

Lawyer| Corporate Law | Contract Drafting | Aspiring Company Secretary

Observation is Lawyer's friend. 

Legal Content Writer / Amongst Top 2% of Class / Upcoming Intern - Khaitan and Co. / M&A, General Corporate & Dispute Resolution Enthusiast / I Simplify Complex Legal Aspects through Digestible Designs

I am happy to announce that I have secured 8th place out of the Top 10 entries on the 9th Weekly Blog Competition (December 2021) by LawSikho with a read count of more than 1900 views!

It has been published on iPleaders Blog which is India's largest legal blog and the most sought destinations for #legaleducation and #research about varied aspects of law.
 
My official entry for the competition was my article titled:

'Serious Fraud Investigation Office: Investigation Report and its Evidentiary Value'

The Article talks about the history of SFIO, its Inception as a regulatory authority following a series of stock market scams that gripped the Indian Economy from 1990 - 2000, Modus Operandi and the way forward of the SFIO keeping out a watchful eye on UPSI transactions and potential insider trading activities. 

I'm attaching the link for the article in the #comments section should you guys wish to read my thoughts about the issue.

Be sure to let me know if you have any suggestions!

Happy Reading :))

--------

LawSikho LawSikho Placements Ramanuj Mukherjee Yash Vijayvargiya Sapna Sarda Komal Panpaliya Varalika Mendiratta

Learning of the Day.
In the court of law, a lawyer should prepare his case thoroughly, but is it important to always argue before the court with all you have? Sometimes your silence and humility does it all. It is absolutely right to make the court aware about all the facts of our case but it is not necessary to do that always. The magistrate/Judge might not be in space to hear you and it is possible that though your argument is right logically but goes wrong with the situation. Always analyse the environment and present our best with all the confidence and smartness. #confident #lawyer #law 

Advocate-on-Record at Supreme Court of India

Late Shri Arun Jaitley had said -The best way to learn legal practice is by doing cases !!

The more you will  have cases the more you will learn. 

Taking degrees and not  practising is not a wise decision. 
I observe Dr. AM Singhvi  in SC.
The daily cause list in his hands shows that he has more than 3-4 cases (on an average)list in different courts of Supreme Court for arguments. 

Even every standing Counsel in SC has more than 3-4 cases daily list in Courts and he has to prepare thoroughly in every case.

I can't imagine how it could have been difficult for them to read every file one day before the matter list in Court. It is also need to be mention here that SC dont fix date for any case until request has not been made by counsel and allowed by Court. They pass order like- List in 1st week of October. And in 1st week of October the case shall list on any of the 5 working day. Message shall be sent by Registry one day in advance on AoR mobile no. He has to prepare thoroughly for the case.Even for adjournment a letter is require to be circulated by AoR one day in advance to the registry. Else Court shall not adjourn the case.

Beside reading files such counsels also have to read the Judgments cited ,prepare short notes with page no and para no .It is also to be taken care that no two matters clash together. 
Juniors/ associate sometimes help to some extent. But where some  statement on behalf of Govt  require to be made in Court( which could be part of order of Court) proxy counsel cant make any such submissions in Court. It is only who has been authorised by govt entity.

The confidence level after doing so many cases would be tremendous. 

This is what i have learnt that even when you dont have your own cases, learn from the cases of others,read files, read Judgment regularly..At least learning should not be stop.

Consistency, hard labour and patience is the key for success in legal profession.

Minimalism has been a trending topic for a while now.

Minimalism is about cutting out the unnecessary to make room for what's important. In other words, it's the principle that "less is more."

What if I tell you that this principle applies to Contract drafting as well? Since I started drafting them myself I have learned that a minimalist contract is the perfect contract.

The goal of a minimalist contract is to avoid any superfluous information or wording. A contract should not be filled with excessive legal jargon that no one will understand.

Your perfectly written contract should have the exact amount of provisions needed to explain the entire deal. Your contract should be concise and clear so that all parties involved understand the terms of the agreement. 

However, it is important to make sure that all of the necessary elements are included in the contract, and that the language used is still legally binding. 

What do you think?

#legal #contractdrafting #freelancer #startups

Expertise in finding a way in complicated civil, criminal, properties, IPR legal cases

He died exactly on his 100th birthday. He lived exactly 100 years. He was Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court. Then Chief Justice of Himachal Pradesh, then practised as Senior Advocate in Supreme Court. I was fortunate to be his junior for some time. Then he closed his Supreme Court practise, returned to his native state 

Then he did a lot of Social Work. 

His name is Justice T. U. 
Mehta. 

What a planned, self Disciplined and spiritual life! !!!

Today morning, I heard this story from a grandfather who had came to society gate to board his grandson on a school bus. 

 #senior #supremecourt #lawyersummit #justice 

Associate Solution Advisor- Legal & Regulatory at Deloitte India (Offices of the US)

Pleased to have been recognized among top 10% performers in the 3rd National Quiz on Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, organized by the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India.

Practicing Company Secretary | Founder of Legalstick Consultancy LLP | Blogger at Taxguru and Vlogger - Youtube | Host of Professional Talks (Virtual Talk Show - Youtube) | Lawyer | Startup Consultant |

MCA Update | 15.09.2022 | Thursday

_Amendment in definition of small company_

MCA amended the Companies (Specification of definition details) Rules amending the definition of *small company* w.e.f. 15.09.2022 the limit of paid up capital and turnover for the small company has been increased to rupees four crore (Earlier 2 Crs.)  and rupees forty crore (Earlier 20 Crs.) respectively.

New limit:

Paid up Capital – Rs. 4 Crs.
Turnover – Rs. 40 Crs. 

Link: https://lnkd.in/degbBhnm

Regards
CS Vikash Verma

Advocate at Delhi High Court and Delhi District Courts

This idiot should know that it was Britain that got civilized after getting into Bharat. If wearing suit and tie is a symbol of civilization, then it can be admitted, but today, world got to know that how premium and globally accepted Indian civilization is. 
India was far prosper and rich than that so called kingdom that's continuously sinking in poverty and recession every single day.
They take pride in the claims that they gave us modern education, legal system, and language. So I've some arguments to counter their "so-called" pride.
Their English language adopted their thousands of words from the Sanskrit language which is world's oldest language, majority of  laws which exist by now are amended and do not hold colonial sanctions, for the education system, they added their language only. If they question our Vedic education, they should better know that Father of Atomic Bomb Robert J. Oppenheimer was influenced and articulated with the Bhagwad Geeta. 
Maybe this post is going to offend some people like my previous one. But I always take pride in standing up for my country and celebrate my civilization our forefathers left for us. Truth shall prevail.

30K+ Followers | Advocate on Record, Supreme Court of India | Senior Counsel, Union of India & Government of UP | Member-IT Committee, Bar Council of Delhi | Joint Secretary, Supreme Court AOR Association (2018-20)

Join me for the biggest ever *Hospitality Run* at the Aerocity,  New Delhi (India) on 25 September 2022, Sunday at 6:00 AM 
*Register Now* : https://lnkd.in/dtnc5KVa

238 followers

Download Manupatra App 

This is a two-part series to demystify the Chanda Kochhar episode that has rocked ICICI Bank. In part 1 of the series, the author explains the reasons for the ICICI Bank’s board to rush to deny all allegations against Kochhar and then take some extreme steps against her.

In February 2017, now sacked CEO & MD of ICICI Bank Ltd Chanda Kochhar had addressed a group of investors at a Singapore hotel at the bank’s in-house merchant banking outfit’s annual road show. Much to her embarrassment and annoyance, one global investor asked her with a straight face: “Wouldn’t a bank chief in any other geography have lost the job after the kind of performance ICICI Bank has put up over the years under her stewardship?”

An awkward smile laced with silence was her answer. After all, ICICI Bank had under-performed its peers as well as the Bankex, the BSE’s banking index, by yards. She could not blame the investors for losing patience after being at the helm for eight years.

By that time, Infra Live expose ‘Kochchar’s Renewable Empire’ was almost eight-month old. Most in the financial sector had read the story that alleged Kochchar’s husband Deepak’s business relationship with Venugopal Dhoot’s Videocon Group, a borrower of the bank. It was discussed at the cocktail circuit and many wondered why Kochhar or her bank wasn’t filing a defamation suit against Live Media & Publishers Pvt Ltd, the publisher of the magazine.

Two years down the line, Kochhar got the boot – not because of her performance but for violation of the bank’s code of conduct. Three months after she resigned, in January 2019, the bank’s board terminated her for failure to deal with conflict of interest (not recusing herself from credit committee meetings that took a call on giving loans to Videcon) and lack of disclosure (of his husband’s business links with the Videocon group).

Kochhar was “disappointed, hurt and shocked” but she doesn’t seem to be contemplating any legal action against the bank for being treated this way after serving 34 years with “dedication and hard work”. Proud of her “honesty, dignity and integrity”, she is certain that “truth will ultimately prevail”.

This is Kochchar’s first ever reaction, after the bank sacked her and asked to return her bonuses earned (around Rs8 crore as the 2018 bonus has not yet cleared by the regulator) and denied her at least Rs125 crore in the form of stock options.

What went wrong? Why had the bank’s board rushed to deny all allegations against her (while Kochhar kept quiet) initially and then took this extreme step? What has been the role of the board? What next for Kochhar?

In the first week of March 2010, the top brass of the bank camped out at Kumarakom Lake Resort in the backwaters of Kerala for the offsite—the first after Kochhar took over as the boss in May 2009, succeeding legendary KV Kamath, the king of retail loans in India.

Ahead of the offsite, McKinsey and Co. made a presentation to senior executives of the bank, pointing out that ICICI Bank had not been growing and was losing market share to its peers. From around Rs4 trillion in 2008, ICICI Bank’s asset base declined to Rs3.8 trillion in 2009 and further in 2010 when its loan book declined by 17 per cent and deposits by 7.5 per cent.

The analyst community was happy when she shrank the balance sheet – an anathema for her mentor Kamath whose model was the big fat Chinese banks. After the consolidation phase, Kochhar grew the balance sheet and bad assets.

Many of us thought that she had read the economic trends wrongly but none could anticipate that an intelligent and articulate Kochhar who has every possible award in her cupboard – from Woodrow Wilson Award for Global Citizenship to Padma Bhusan, the third-highest civilian award in India – would compromise on her integrity, as has been found by the Justice BN Srikrishna Committee probe.

The Infra Live report was based on a letter written by Arvind Gupta, a shareholder of both Videocon and ICICI Bank, which raised many questions about the financial links between Kochhar’s husband and Videocon’s Dhoot, and she playing a role the bank giving loans to the Videocon group.

Then Chairman of the ICICI Bank Board, M K Sharma, appointed law firm Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas (CAM) to advise him on this matter. The law firm apparently gave a her clean chit.

Also, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) conducted a probe. It apparently did not find anything wrong in the process of the loan disbursements but pointed out that the business relations between Deepak and Dhoot are spread beyond the shores of India. The Indian central bank was not a position to probe that. I have not seen the report but why didn’t it hand over the investigation to the appropriate authorities which could take it forward?

By January 2018, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) got into the act and The Indian Express newspaper front-paged the story of Deepak-Videocon relationship in March.

That was the time, Sharma, former chairman of the bank, fiercely shielded Kochhar against all allegations. N Vaghul, former chairman of ICICI Ltd, the earlier avatar of the bank, also rushed to support Kochhar. However, none of them mentioned the probe report of the RBI or the law firm, based on which they seemed to have not found fault with Kochhar. They gave the benefit of doubt to their star CEO.

The scenario dramatically changed when an anonymous whistle blower wrote a much more elaborate letter, listing many more alleged misdoings of Kochhar and her family, which Gupta’s letter did not mention. That brought the market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) into action and, for the first time, Kochhar was forced to disclose her husband’s business relations with the Videocon group.

(There was yet another whistle blower letter but that spoke about some 31 loan accounts where the bank apparently did not flow the correct income recognition procedures and had nothing to do with Kochhar’s personal integrity.)

These developments probably made Sharma realise his mistake and he appointed the Srikrishna Committee for a comprehensive probe -- spanning the period between April 2009, a month before Kochhar took over the mantle from Kamath, and March 2018. CAM immediately withdrew its report as it was based on an assumption that no relationship between Deepak and Dhoot ever existed as Kochhar had never mentioned this before.

The Srikrishna panel did not have any deadline. Why?

Part II: The key lessons from the Kochhargate

 Allowing the Srikrishna panel to have as much time as it wants to complete the probe was a masterstroke by the board. By doing this, it forced Kochhar to put in her papers.

How? India’s banking law does not allow the boss of a bank to abstain from office for four months or more. Kochhar, who went on her annual leave in June 2018 and later had to stay away for the completion of the probe, had no choice but to quit as the probe took its own time. It was a sort of bloodless coup which did not allow her any ambition to come back to the bank as CEO.

A few days before the board sacked her, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) had filed its first information report (FIR), alleging criminal conspiracy, cheating and quid pro quo – ICICI Bank sanctioning Rs3,250 crore to Dhoot’s group companies and Dhoot, in turn, investing Rs64 crore in Deepak’s NuPower Renewables Ltd. Going by the FIR, the bank sanctioned six high-value loans to the Videocon group between June 2009 and October 2011, violating the norms of loan sanction and Kochhar was one of the members of the sanctioning committee.

The FIR also named other senior bankers who were directors on the board of ICICI Bank then, including Kamath, current CEO Sandeep Bakhshi, Sonjoy Chatterjee, K Ramkumar, NS Kannan, Zarin Daruwala, Rajiv Sabharwal and independent director Homi Khusrokhan. While Kamath is the president of the New Development Bank of BRICS countries, others are prominent names in Indian finance, heading foreign and local banks and non-banking finance companies.

Of course, the CBI will have to probe these allegations – something which the country’s premier investigative agency is not good at, particularly when it comes to the banking sector. Both Arun Jaitley and Piyush Goyal have come down heavily on CBI’s “investigative adventurism”.

What’s the Kochhar side of the story?

Well, barring issuing a release, expressing her shock, she has been keeping mum. She has appointed a lawyer to deal with the cases with the market regulator and other agencies but not the bank. 

# Those who know her well are wondering why would the Videocon group do a favour to Kochhar’s husband as a quid pro quo to get money from the bank when it was getting money from the entire banking industry on a platter?

 # They also claim that Kochhar all along made the statutory disclosures about her husband’s companies but she did not disclose Videocon’s investments as she was not aware of them.

# They say that a particular corporate house has been after Kochhar’s blood because she has stopped giving it fresh loans and has been hounding it to recover money already lent to it.

# How would she recuse herself from the credit committee when she was not aware of her husband’s dealings, they are asking, pointing out that out of the six loans, mentioned in CBI’s FIR, she was involved in sanctioning only two.

 #Finally, Dhoot’s Rs64 crore investment in her husband’s company is not gratification for her; it’s an investment by Dhoot which he can liquidate after 2021.

But her bank is not taking these arguments seriously. For it, Kochhar is a closed chapter. Even before the Srikrishna report was submitted, the bank wrote to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), requesting it to “decouple” the bank from Kochhar’s case.

For her, it will be a lone battle and the outcome will depend on how the Sebi, the CBI, income tax authorities and the Enforcement Directorate move.

Kochhar’s fall from the grace has dealt a blow to the personality cult which the Indian banking sector is known for – in many cases the CEOs don a larger-than-the-institution persona. Many saw the seeds of Kochhar’s downfall in November 2014 when Shah Rukh Khan danced at the sangeet ceremony of her daughter’s wedding in a Mumbai hotel. I don’t know whether he performed there or was a guest like many others, including Amitabh Bachchan, and chose to shake a leg well past midnight but it got wide media publicity which would not have been possible if the Kochhars did not want that. 

 At the 60th anniversary of the ICICI group in January 2015, she shared the stage with Prime Minister Narendra Modi who graced the occasion to dedicate to the nation the first digital village adopted by the bank -- Akodara in Gujarat.

 But when it came to the crux, brushing shoulders with the high and mighty and the penchant for glitz and glamour didn’t come to her aid.

 In sync with the feudal style that she adopted after moving to the corner room, Kochhar never had to wait for the lift at the bank’s headquarters as someone would always be there to press the button and hold the lift when her high-end car entered the premises. She could always say that was a legacy but the rest is not. We don’t know how long she would need to wait for her redemption or downfall and atonement.

 What are the lessons from the Kochhargate?

 # The boards of all private banks are not necessarily efficient and independent. The directors, including the chairman, could be a handmaiden of the CEO. First, rushing to give Kochhar a clean chit and later making a volte-face expose the quality of the board of ICICI Bank.

 # All along, the Reserve Bank of India has been maintaining a stony silence. Shouldn’t the banking regulator take a relook at its perceived “hands off” approach for a systemically important entity such as the ICICI Bank?

 # Does the larger than life image of a CEO in a company (not necessarily only banks) sow seeds of mis-governance, particularly when the leaders’ tenure is long? Should there be a cap on the tenure of the CEO?

 # Does this case send a clear message to eminent persons not to defend in public media a high profile professional accused of misconduct without possessing all the facts?

 # Finally, the recent developments in a few private banks, including ICICI Bank, say that the days of personality cult in Indian banking are over. The bankers should spend more time on bringing down the cost of funds, pushing up the quality of assets and governance. Yes, banking is a boring business but still the banker should enjoy it as fancy awards and cozy relationships with politicians, Bollywood stars and corporate honchos cannot save them if the job is not done properly.

This column first appeared in Business Standard / www.business-standard.in

To read the writer’s previous columns, please log onto www.bankerstrust.in

The columnist, a consulting editor of Business Standard, is an

author and senior adviser to Jana Small Finance Bank Ltd. 

Twitter: @TamalBandyo 

“If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.” 

This concept applies to our lives in so many ways, especially careerwise.

If you try to do everything alone, you’ll only get so far. Networking is important to your success because it gives you insights, skills, and connections that will elevate you in ways you can’t on your own. 

According to LinkedIn, eighty per cent of professionals consider networking an important part of career success. 

Utilizing your network to gain mentors or advisers will help you to earn valuable guidance and insight into common challenges, big decisions and it will ultimately boost your career.

The most connected people are often the most successful.

When you invest in your relationships professional and personal it can pay you back in dividends throughout your career.

#career #success #linkedin #people #connections 
        

Declared it's Q1 Results 
Revenue:- 821.01 Crores vs 526.46 Crores (YOY) vs 838.42 Crores (QOQ) 

Net Profit:- 109.06 Crores vs 68.57 Crores (YOY) vs 102.23 Crores (QOQ) 

Highest Net Profit numbers till date 
If it continues such an uptrend will surely become a Multibagger. 

#multibagger #meghmani #stockmarket #results 
        

Want to talk about a Potential Multibagger Stock
Check out the whole post.
Stock name shared at last, but do watch out complete analysis before jumping to the Stock name and also dyor

👉Business:- Agrochemicals and Pigments 

1) Among Top 10 Producers of Pesticides in India
2) Amongst Top 3 Global phthalocyanine based pigment players having a 14% Global Market share.

👉 Financials (FY 22)

1) Revenue:- 2494 Crores ( Growing at 19% C.A.G.R )
2) EBITDA:- 379.4 Crores ( Growing at 22% C.A.G.R)

👉 Financial Ratios

1) EBITDA Margin:- 15.2%
2) PAT Margin:- 12.3%
3) Debt/Equity:- 0.34 times
4) ROCE:- 19%
5) ROE:- 23.6%

👉 Expansion Plans

1) Capex of Rs.600 Crores for Titanium Dioxide which will double it's existing capacity of 16500 tons per annum (TPA)  to 33000 TPA.
2) Expected Revenue Post expansion to Rs.750 Crores.
3) Expansion to be completed by end of Q3, FY 24
4) New Multipurpose plant (MPP) at Dahej with capex of Rs 3.50 Bn (Q2 FY23) of Agrochemicals 

👉 Future Growth Plans

1) The management eyes a revenue target of Rs. 1,000 Cr by FY24 for the Pigments Division
2) The management eyes a revenue target of Rs. 2,000 Cr by FY24 for Agrochemicals Division

👉 Valuation & other Info

1) PE Ratio:- 10.96
2) PB Ratio:- 2.27
3) Promoter Holding:- 49.41%
4) Smallcap company with a Market cap of Rs. 3167 Crores 


👉The company name is Meghmani Organics Limited 

You can ask any queries you have in comments section

 #business #india #stockmarketindia #investement #finance 
        

CDSL is again back in news and this time with a greater opportunity to turn into a Goldmine.

The year 1996 revolutionised the Indian stock market when the SEBI introduced an account called Demat Account which facilitated online trading of shares in demat form. Also the shares issued earlier in physical form were converted into demat. 

⭐Now it's turn to revolutionise the Insurance sector.
Insurance regulator has come up with a mandate to Dematerailise all Insurance policies issued earlier and all new policies to be issued in demat form only. 

👉 All new policies issued after December 2022 needs to be issued in Demat form.
👉 Old policies need to be Dematerailised by end of December 23.

A separate Demat platform named Electronic Insurance account will hold all the Insurance policies of an individual including

👉Life Insurance policies
👉 Health Insurance policies
👉 Motor Insurance policies

⭐ Benefits for Policyholders

👉 Easy servicing
👉 No paperwork
👉 Option to Borrow against policy

⭐ Biggest beneficiary of this move are the Depositories like CDSL, NSDL, CAMS & Karvy as they have an opportunity to double their Revenue. See the calculation below 👇

👉 Revenue opportunity every year as per FY22 data.

No of Life Insurance policies sold:- 3 Crore
No of General Insurance policies sold:- 50 CR

Total Insurance policies sold:- 53 Crore

Demat cost/policy:- Rs.50-60/policy

Potential Revenue/year:- Rs.2650-Rs.3180 Crores.

👉 Also not to forget they will also have a great one time revenue potential in the coming year for old policies to be Dematerailised.

Now looking at the Revenue of these depositories in FY 22
CDSL:- Rs.606 Crores
NSDL:- Rs.821 Crores
CAMS:- Rs.927 Crores

Even if we ignore the one time revenue we have a market of around Rs.2700 Crores/year with 4 players in market and if each one gets equal market also then they will have an opportunity to generate additional Rs.600-700 Crores of revenue each year which is almost double of their current revenues. 

In the previous post we did a comparison between CDSL and NSDL & found out CDSL is more attractive & also NSDL is currently not listed so we have only 2 listed players in this segment that are CDSL & CAMS. 

CDSL & CAMS both have shown good growth in their revenues and profits till now and both are almost trading at same valuation. CDSL whereas provides Demat of shares facilities, CAMS is a mutual fund transfer agency providing services to investors, distributors and AMC's. 

This move can add a good Revenue to both these companies and we may consider looking at either of them. Not an investment advise, just an analysis of this move & impact on these companies as understood by me. Please do share your views & also do let me know if I missed out something or made any mistake in this analysis.

#stockmarket #cdsl #cams #demat #insurance #opportunity 

        

Sources To CNBC-TV18: NSDL likely to file IPO DRHP by end of the year.

Possible reason of CDSL surge yesterday by more than 5%

⭐Let's have a look at some of the details of NSDL

👉 NSDL's Consolidated Profits for the FY 22 was around 212 Crores and IPO Valuation is likely to come at 12000-14000 Crores.

👉 Q1 FY23 Profits were around 54 Crores. So if we expect constant profits over the year or if we expect a little growth too that's Profits of around Rs.250 Crores in FY23 then NSDL is valued at 48 times Profit at lower end of valuation.

⭐ Now let's look at some details of CDSL

👉 CDSL FY22 Profits are Rs.311 Crores almost 1.5 times of NSDL FY22 Profits whereas CDSL current Market cap is around Rs.12000 Crores almost same that of NSDL IPO Valuation. CDSL current PE is around 40 i.e 20% lower than NSDL

👉 CDSL Q1 FY 23 Profits are Rs.57.77 Crores which is comparatively down 30% QOQ.

⭐ Now both CDSL and NSDL have same Business model. Here is a look at the sources of revenue of CDSL

👉 34% Annual Maintenance Charges:- This is a stable source of revenue in which the issuer of securities have to pay a certain amount & is same for both depositories.

👉 19% Transaction charges:- This is cyclical in nature as it's levied by depository to the Stockbroker when we sell a security which we had taken in delivery. It's charged by Brokers to us as DP Charges. CDSL charges Rs. 5.5/scrip/day whereas NSDL charges Rs.4.5/scrip/day and this source of revenue will depend on the trading activity. CDSL has around 5.5 Crore registered Demat A/c whereas NSDL has around 2.5 Crore A/c. This source of revenue has seen a good fall in Q1 FY 23 leading to Fall in overall revenue & profits.

👉 16% KYC Services :- CDSL provides KYC creation and retrieval of data services in India with a 60% Market share

👉 10% IPO & Corporate actions:- CDSL charges a fixed amount for facilitating crediting of securities in IPO's & other corporate actions such as Stock splits, Consolidation as well as Dividend payment.

👉 22% Other sources:- CDSL also earns through E- voting, ECAS Fees and such other sources.

⭐ So in the coming Quarters we may see a Rise in IPO activites that may lead to some increase in Revenues and if the Transaction charges source of Revenue performs good it can again come back to its growth track. One thing to note in Financial statement was that Employee cost has almost doubled from 13Cr to 26Cr impacting the Profits. Couldn't find whether this rise is permanent or temporary if it's temporary then that's also a positive point.

⭐ Now if we compare CDSL with NSDL, CDSL is way ahead in many factors such as number of demat accounts registered, Revenue & Profits but the valuation of both is almost similar & hence CDSL may seek higher valuations if the business performs decently in coming Quarters and if NSDL IPO comes up with the expected valuation.

Do read note in comments

#ipo #stockmarket #cdsl #depository #analysis
        

Virat Kohli hits 71st century in International cricket today. He is a True Inspiration for everyone out here who are struggling with anything in their lives. 

One line I remember that I heard on Instagram was that:- 

Shree Krishna se saaf kaha hai ki bas karm tumhara kal hoga aur karm me agar sachaai hai to karm kaha nishfal hoga

Virat Kohli was struggling for his form since long. 
He today scored a century after a century drought of almost 3 years to be precise 1020 Days. We can't even imagine what he would have gone through in these years and it's not easy to handle this when you are playing at such a big level representing nation but he proved that Form is temporarily but Class is permanent. 

Some things that I learnt from Virat Kohli

⭐ Despite not getting results, continue your hard work in your passion, you will surely succeed one day.

⭐ If you fail, many people around you will start blaming you for your failure, don't focus on such people who don't add any value to your life. 

⭐ Accept Failure, it takes a lot of courage to do so and try to improve the mistakes you made earlier and take all the effort.

⭐ If you work with full honesty and dedication, success may get delayed but it will surely come.

⭐ Taking a break is necessary at times. It may become stressful to continue to work on a particular thing without any break and when you face failure in that then it's much more worse for our mental health. So take a break if you think you aren't able to concentrate and focus on your goals and come back stronger after a break 💪. 

 #success #inspiration #viratkohli 
        

Yesterday I had a discussion with my friend about Investment and I thought instead of just clearing her query why not share that over here so that you may even get some queries cleared.

Yesterday I just said to my friend that Start a SIP of the Stipend amount that you will start receiving soon.

And she replied:- Why to take risk, SBI is good enough.

I just joked & replied that and you see dreams to become a rich person by investing your complete amount in a savings account 😅 Whom you have ever seen becoming a rich man by Investing in a Savings account or a Bank FD?

Her reply:- Can't take risk with money. Upar neeche ho gaya to. If you guarantee that I will get returns, can try.

I replied Guarantee to insan ki nahi hai is yug me tu returns ki baat kar rahi 😅 and the conversation ended here.

So here is my reply about it.

First of all even a Bank is not 100% safe, so let's not think that our money is safe there. The concept in Bank and other Investment alternative is Higher the Risk, Higher the Returns.

Now if you have a look at Stats about Stock market returns

👉Nifty:- 12.2% annualized returns since inception 
(It means your money doubled every 6 years)

👉 In the last 20 years there hasn't been a single time when Nifty 50 deliverer Negative returns for continuous 3 Years (As our Articleship term is of same tenure)

👉 No negative returns overall by Nifty in the past 6 Years (Last Negative year was 2015)

👉 Even in 2020 Nifty grew by 14.17% despite the Covid Fall.

Indian industries have been growing and I continue to believe in India's growth potential in various sectors.

Now after looking at stats, here is what I would be doing or suggesting. Considering you are not using your Stipend amount for your expenses and want to save that completely.

👉 We won't be getting much time to Track the markets as we will be busy in our work, here SIP is the best option as you don't have to worry about timing nor you need great knowledge to do a SIP. Fund manager (Professionals) in which you do SIP will manage your funds.

👉 Now next question comes but which Mutual fund to choose
 So as per the above Nifty 50 stats even if you Invest in Nifty 50 Index you would have got twice the returns of a Bank FD. So here is how you can allocate (Can vary as per your Risk appetite and Holding capacity)

⭐20% in Nifty 50 Index Fund
⭐20% in Nifty Next 50 Index Fund (17.2% since inception)
⭐20% in a Small Cap Fund (May go for SBI Small Cap)
⭐20% in a Debt Fund ( Debt funds are less volatile and comparatively safer than Equity Funds and may give Returns which are a little more than Bank FD)
⭐20% in your Bank savings account or a Liquid Fund for your Emergency use. (This % may vary for you, may keep a little less or more)

May use this allocation if you are comfortable with 10% p.a Returns overall. And markets won't be staying positive always so be patient, continue your SIP in dips and Hold for long, you will be surely rewarded.
#investments #savings 








        

"SUCCESS KI KAHANI🎯,
RANKERS KI ZUBAANI"

*Nanded WICASA* jointly with other CASAs 
has come with Rankholders' talk to help students plan their studies.

We have :
*AIR 1 - Rajan Kabra*
*AIR 3 - Kunal Hardwani*
*AIR 42 - Varun Bhatia*
to guide students for the upcoming exams.

Benefits of the session : 
1. Know the subject wise strategies of the rankers.
2. Get the tips to deal with anxiety, stress and fear of the exams.
3. Get the chance to directly interact with the rankholders.
4. Know the paper presentation tips.
5. Motivate yourself through their journey. 

Date : 27th August,2022
Time : 6:00pm to 7:30pm
Fees : Your precious time✨

Registration link :https://lnkd.in/gCvV5QSp


Regards,
Nanded Branch of WICASA               jointly with
Navi Mumbai, Goa, Pune, Nashik, Nagpur, Akola, Vadodra, Amravati ,Jodhpur.

#wicasa #rank #seminar #air #tips #icai #ca #caaspirants 
        

Honoured to be felicitated by CA Prafulla Chhajed (Former President ICAI) and CA Murtuza Kachwala (Chairman of WIRC, ICAI) at Felicitation of Rankholders and also glad to meet all other Rankholders. 

Few months ago, everything just seemed to be a Dream but it's a dream come true moment. The precious smile on my parents face as well as my Teachers is what encourages to work harder.

First I used to think that so many students give exam, what unique I am doing that I will end up in Top 50 but still I thought to give it a try once and let's see. And finally all the hardwork resulted in these smiling and proud faces. Now it seems like if you Dream and work for it, your dream will surely turn into reality. 

Thanks everyone who supported me in my journey and I will try my best to always make you feel proud even ahead in my life. 
        

This post is on Elon Musk.
Till now you would have read about how great Entrepreneur he is (no doubt he is) but this is not an appreciation post on him but negative about him.

No hate for him just would like to share some Instances where he proved that he can't be Trusted and he is not a man of his own words. Business Ethics is the thing that I find is lacking in him.

⭐ In 2018, Elon Musk said 2022 would be the year SpaceX launched two cargo ships to Mars, and 2024 would be the year the company took people there. (Overpromising and Under delivering, instead it's better to Underpromise your Customers,Investors and Overdelivering)

⭐ Elon musk made any other such promises like launching Tesla in India by 2020, Neuralink technology by 2021, AI killing humans by 2019, etc. none yet occurred.

⭐ Tesla's $1.5bn investment in Bitcoin, revealed in February 2021, prompted a surge of demand in the currency. And Elon Musk promised that they would accept Bitcoins as a payment for it's cars. But soon they stopped accepting Bitcoin as payment for its cars, citing concerns about the climate impact of energy-intensive Bitcoin mining.

⭐ At this time when they stopped accepting Bitcoin, Elon Musk tweeted that the company won't be selling any Bitcoin it owned and a year after that tweet Tesla sold most of it's Bitcoin at hefty profits.

⭐ Elon Musk offered to buy Twitter for $54.20 a share, or about $43 billion after revealing a 9.1% stake in the company which led to increase in Stock price and later he announced that he will abandon his tumultuous $44 billion offer to buy Twitter after the company failed to provide enough information about the number of fake accounts. (Why didn't he think about it before making an offer?)

⭐ Musk tweeted on August 7, 2018 that he could take Tesla private at $420 per share — a substantial premium to its trading price at the time. According to the SEC’s complaint, Musk’s misleading tweets caused Tesla’s stock price to jump by over six percent on August 7, and led to significant market disruption whereas Tesla shares are still listed.

⭐ “No further Tesla shares sales planned after today,” Elon Musk had said on April 29, in a reply to a Twitter user when he asked was the selling over as he had sold his stake earlier too to fund his Twitter Buying. Elon Musk has sold 7.92 million shares of Tesla, just months after declaring that he would not sell any more stock of the company worth 6.73 Billion $ between August 5 and 9.

These are some of the Instances which led to a loss of many common Retail Investors too, so one thing to suggest never ever believe anyone blindly. 
And Elon Musk hopefully will understand that Business ethics and honesty are Important while doing Business, however intelligent you may be but without Honesty, it's nothing worth it.

While in India we have seen some Entrepreneurs who have fought against their own people and even suffered losses themselves to keep Promises. Can you tell any such instances👇
#elonmusk 
        

India wins Gold medal in Men's as well as Women's Singles Badminton at Common Wealth Games 🇮🇳🏅

Sensational Lakshya Sen and a spectacular performance by PV Sindhu helped India secure 2 Gold for the Day and India is currently at 4th position on Medals Tally. 

Hope we will be winning a Gold in Men's Hockey Finals too and Women's Hockey as well as Cricket ka badla poora hoga😅 We have lost both these games against Australia. Current score:- Aus: India - 2:0

All Indian players have shown an amazing performance and this is the First time we won this many medals in Athletics. We will be short of just 5-6 medals from last CWG. But this time we don't have Shooting in CWG where we secured 16 medals, so basically we had won 10 more medals than last year. All thanks to our Indian players who are making us feel proud each day.

Just waiting for the day when India secures a position in Top 3 in Olympics 🇮🇳 

Check out comments for updates of other sports 

 #india #cwg #commonwealthgames2022 #sports #medal #gold #prideofindia #badminton #hockey 
        

As per yesterday 's poll 77% of you all weren't willing to Buy a company for even more than Rs.100 Crores. 
So here is an interesting case study of Reliance buying Faradion a sodium- ion battery manufacturer for Rs.1260 Crores with just a Turnover of Rs.2 Crores.

Let's understand what is the use of Sodium ion batteries & why did Reliance pay such a hefty amount to Buy it.

👉 Sodium ion batteries can be used in Electric vehicles, energy grid and other applications.
 We all know that currently there is an EV boom going on but currently these vehicles use mostly Lithium ion batteries.

👉 Difference between Lithium ion & Sodium ion batteries

 Factor         Lithium Ion.                     Sodium ion

Cost per.        137$                                   40-77$
Kw hr

Safety            High risk.                          Low Risk
                ( We have already
                 witnessed many
                 ev blast incident) 

Material      Lithium (Scarce)     Sodium(Abundant)
required 

Temperature      15-35°C                  -20°-60° C
Range 

Cycles of         4000-6000                       2000
Discharge 


⭐So from the above differentiation we can see that the only negative thing is that it has a Smaller life comparatively.

👉Lithium, cobalt, manganese and copper are the metals consumed for battery manufacturing. These are geographically constrained, increase battery production cost & their refining is energy-intensive, leaving a carbon residue behind them.

Due to these shortcomings, the market has been eyeing on capturing the potential of a promising alternative — Sodium-ion batteries (SIB)

SIB are 20-30% cheaper than Lithium batteries which may reduce further with advancements & also contribute 25-45% less global warming

👉Let's have a look what are plans of Reliance with Faradion

Faradion has a patent of sodium ion battery technology which gives it an edge to remain a global leader in this sector and now acquisition of Reliance will help it commercialise this soon

Reliance aims to build a Giga Factory in Jamnagar for becoming one of the largest Renewable Energy manufacturers in the world and the acquisition of Faradion will help them to fulfill it.

Also as the Indian government is focusing more on Electric vehicles and Renewable energy, Reliance wants to be a pioneer in it. The reason why this Sodium ion technology is more useful for us is because the material required for Lithium ion batteries is Lithium and is mostly found in China which is our enemy country and we want to reduce our dependency, hence Sodium ion batteries are the best alternative with Sodium being present on earth 300 times more than Lithium and also it's comparatively Environment friendly

The current Lithium ion battery market is of 3,15,000 Crores and if Reliance is able to commercialise the Sodium ion battery, it can get a good share of this market as they also have patent & hence it paid Rs.1260 crores to acquire Faradion
#reliance #battery #ev

 
        

745 followers

DAYS AFTER the CBI booked Gujarat-based ABG Shipyard Ltd (ABG SL) for loan fraud of over Rs 22,000 crore, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) is now preparing to open money-laundering investigations against the company and its directors. However, almost all the news about the so-called "ED" since 2014 appears to reflect its shameless role of a puppet organization orchestrated by the Narendra Modi government to silence its opposition. So, this headline from The Indian Express is not verily hopeful to look at! It is also to be noted that Nirmala Sitharaman, who, unfortunately, became the Finance Minister of India is continuing her silence on India's biggest stock market fraud as well as India's biggest bank fraud! All these clearly states that the right wing government is not just about communal violence and being castiest, it hurts the economy of the country, it manipulates citizens in the name of religion and caste, then loot them, while these same poor people continue to support their own masters. 


https://lnkd.in/gTgz4VbR


        

Sree Kolhapur Maha Lakshmi Matha Namaha.🙏🙏🙏
        

#BounceBackDelta #Cauvery 

Lake island inaugurated by Honourable MLA of Peravurani Mr. N. Ashok Kumar💚
        

📝 Substantial personal growth occurs outside the comfort zone. 

Innovative thinking+ Going the extra mile + Against the herd mentality + Leaving the comfort zone + Open to learning = Substantial personal growth 📈

Some lessons/perspectives you can derive from this video are:-

⏩'Going the extra mile' is the true differentiator between average and wise individuals. 

⏩ Finding innovative solutions to an old problem is the mark of a wise person. 

⏩ Herd mentality is the killer of innovation, creativity, and progress. 

⏩'Common sense' is not so common afterall. 


Video Description:- A donkey decides to take his own shot at finding a different and an innovative way to cross the hurdle rather than to follow his buddies ❤️⏩💯   

Video Credit:- Twitter
        

📍 Srirangam Temple, Tiruchirapalli, TamilNadu, BHARAT (India) 🚩

Youtube- Subscribe to our Youtube Channel https://lnkd.in/e-GWF4V3 

Whatsapp group- https://lnkd.in/dE8Q7yZ6

#JaiBharat #KrishnaSpecial
        

Saadhinchene O Manasa-The third Ratnam in the Ghana Raga Pancharatnam of Thyagaraja. This is composed in Arabhi raga and is the smallest Ratnam. Full song at https://lnkd.in/drkM2DTK
Here we have played the charanams to the Pallavi line Saadhinchene and not to the Charanam line Samayaniki . 
#saadhinchene #pancharatnam #violinpadma #carnaticmusic #thyagaraja
        

Ram Darbar. Lord Hanuman. Lord Ram. Lord Lakshman. Devi Sita. 

#india
        

Please remember:
 Health doesn't cost unless there is disease
 Food doesn't cost till empty fridge
 Time doesn't cost until it's too late
 So please count your blessings because most people don't know what they have until it's gone!

GOD BLESS ALL🙏❤️
        

This might sound like a silly thought, but it's better than chicken and egg story which goes on between caste system and reservation. 

What if, we bring the law and abolish the caste system entirely? I understand, it won't go away in one day but then, we do so many things and say we will see long term impact later! so why not? 

That's like, na rahega baans na bajegi baansuri? 

pls don't bring past politics, who did what and when! I know some history and more mistakes. Now that we are in auto correct mode why not? 

what do you think? 

 #like #law #mode #caste #reservation #people #possible #whatdoyouthink #whatstops #life #lifeslittlelessons 


        

15,757 followers

INDIA EVEN STOCK MARKET EXPERTS ARE BAFFLED AFTER 7 LOSS MAKING COMPANIES DELIVERED UP TO 1800% RETURN TO SHAREHOLDERS WITH A FAIR AMOUNT OF TRAINING HISTORY AND REPORTED LOSS IN RECENT FIVE QUARTERS 



NEW DELHI: While 2021 saw the Street debating over high valuations of loss-making, new-age debutants, stocks of at least seven loss-making companies with a fair amount of trading history delivered up to 1,800 per cent returns in the period. 
 
These seven companies, some seen as turnaround stories, reported losses in excess of Rs 50 crore in at least five recent quarters, data compiled from corporate database AceEquity suggests. 
 

Read more at:
https://lnkd.in/dCvV3WZz
        

INDIA REGISTRATION OF ALL INDIA VALUERS ASSOCIATION KANPUR(CLAIMED TO HAVE 11 CENTRES S IN INDIA) STANDS SUSPENDED AS PER 3 PAGES ORDER DELIVERED BY INSOLVENCY AND BANKRUPTCY BOARD OF INDIA ON 22TH SEPTEMBER 2022 AS MS CHETNA AGGARWAL MANAGING DIRECTOR SAID NOT MUCH MEMBERS ARE COMING FOR REGISTRATION THEREFORE REQUESTED BOARD FOR SURRENDERING THEIR RECOGNITION BUT REAL STORY IS SHE NEVER REPLIED TO VARIOUS SHOW CAUSE NOTICES ISSUED BY IBBI




https://lnkd.in/deEFfmyX
        

INDIA 51.2% OF INSOLVENCY RESOLUTION CASES FILED BY OPERATION CREDITORS COMPARED TO 42.8% BY FINANCIAL CREDITORS DESPITE THEY DO NOT HAVE ANY SAY IN COMMITTEE OF CREDITORS

While operational creditors have initiated 51.2% of insolvency resolution cases since the inception of IBC, 42.8% were initiated by financial creditors or lenders. The remaining were by companies declaring themselves insolvent, showed data from the April-June newsletter of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI).
In fact, about 80% of all insolvency resolutions with an underlying default of less than ₹1 crore were initiated by operational creditors, while about 80% of those with a default of over ₹10 crore were initiated by lenders.
“In recent times, operational creditors have been observed to be initiating insolvency process to recover the debt owed to them. The petitions before the NCLT (National Company Law Tribunal), show a tendency to use the law by small creditors as a debt collection tool rather than for rehabilitation of non-performing assets by the banks, thereby undermining its objective," said Raj Bhalla, a partner at law firm MV Kini.

Meanwhile, the 332 cases admitted under IBC in Q1FY23, is well above the 139 in the year-ago period, but far below the 2,000 cases in FY20, showed an analysis by Kotak Institutional Equities in a report on 24 August. 

https://lnkd.in/dubKsJAS
        

INDIA ADANI ROAD TRANSPORT LIMITED WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARY OF THE COMPANY HAS INCORPORATE TWO WHOLLY OWNED SUBSIDIARIES AS FOLLOW(1)ADANI ROAD STPL LTD WITH AUTHORIZED AND PAID CAPITAL OF RS. ONE LAKH ON 21ST SEPTEMBER 2022(2)ADANI ROAD GRICL LTD WITH AUTHORIZED AND PAID CAPITAL OF RS. ONE LAKH ON 22TH SEPTEMBER 2022
        

INDIA TATA STEEL APPROVED THE AMALGAMATION OF SEVEN SUBSIDIARIES WITH ITSELF AT BOARD MEETING HELD ON 22TH SEPTEMBER 2022

New Delhi: Tata Steel's board has approved the amalgamation of seven subsidiaries with itself, the steelmaker said in a regulatory filing to the stock exchanges on Friday.
The nod was received on Thursday at a meeting of its Board members.
These seven companies are Tata Steel Long Products, The Tinplate Company of India, Tata Metaliks, TRF, The Indian Steel & Wire Products, Tata Steel Mining, and S and T Mining Company, the same filing said.
Each scheme was reviewed and recommended to the Board by the Committee of Independent Directors and the audit committee of the company, it added.
"Each Scheme is subject to the receipt of approval from the (a) requisite majority of the shareholders of the respective Transferor Companies and Transferee Company; (b) Competent Authority (as defined in each of the Schemes), (c) SEBI (d) The National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the BSE Limited (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Stock Exchanges"); and (e) such other approvals, permissions and sanctions of regulatory and other statutory or governmental authorities / quasi-judicial authorities, as may be necessary as per applicable 

https://lnkd.in/dgeMfpqJ
        

INDIA LARGEST STATE BANK OF INDIA IS LEAST EFFICIENT ON THE BASIS OF COST TO INCOME RATIO AMONG BANKS IN ASIA PACIFIC
        

INDIA NAMES OF 5448 NON BANKING FINANCE COMPANIES WHOSE REGISTRATION STANDS CANCELLED BY RESERVE BANK OF INDIA AS LAST UPDATED ON 1ST SEPTEMBER 2022


https://lnkd.in/d89wRgmh
        

INDIA ON 16TH SEPTEMBER 2022 PREGNANT DAUGHTER OF FARMER IN JHARKHAND WAS CRUSHED TO DEATH UNDER THE WHEELS OF TRACTOR BEING FORCIBLY DRIVEN BY RECOVERY AGENTS OF MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA FINANCIAL SERVICES LTD AND TAKING SERIOUS NOTE ON 22TH SEPTEMBER 2022 RESERVE BANK OF INDIA ORDERED COMPANY TO IMMEDIATELY CEASE OUTSOURCING RECOVERIES OR REPOSSESSION ARRANGEMENTS TILL FURTHER ORDERS BUT COMPANY OWN STAFF CAN CARRY OUT THE JOB(MR ROSHAN OF TEAM LEASE OUTSOURCING AGENCY ARRESTED SO FAR)
        

INDIA ON 22TH SEPTEMBER 2022 SUPREME COURT SENTENCED FORMER RANBAXY PROMOTERS MALVINDER SINGH AND SHIVINDER SINGH TO SIX MONTHS IMPRISONMENT FOR CONCEALING INFORMATION REGARDING WRONG DOING WHILE SELLING THEIR STAKE IN RANBAXY LABORATORIES IN 2008 AND THEY ARE ALREADY IN JAIL

The Supreme Court today sentenced former Ranbaxy promoters Malvinder Singh and Shivinder Singh to six months' imprisonment in a contempt case for concealing information regarding wrongdoing while selling their stake in Ranbaxy Laboratories in 2008. 
The Bench of Chief Justice of India UU Lalit and Justices Indira Banerjee and KM Joseph also slapped the Singh brothers with a fine in the contempt case filed against them by Japanese drug maker Daiichi Sankyo.
If the fine was not paid as imposed, the sentence would stand extended by another six months, the Court clarified.
The Court also refused to lift its stay on the open offer by Malaysia's IHH Healthcare Berhad for a 26 percent stake in Fortis Healthcare. It has asked the Delhi High Court to issue remands in the case and further ordered a forensic audit of the Fortis-IIH deal. 

https://lnkd.in/dZu2FkFm
        

3,233 followers

It’s not everyday that something as obscure as agriculture policy takes center stage in national politics and media discourse. There have been cabinet ministers’ resignations, alliances have been stretched, and agitations galore over the three bills. Still, people at large are confused and those who don’t automatically side with the party or leader they adhere to, are groping for a handle on the issue.

This is an attempt to clear the air about these policy changes, to conjecture on how things would work on the ground as well as to discuss what’s motivating the protests.

To build an understanding of the present, it helps to have a look at history.

India’s history of regulating agriculture produce marketing dates to the British Raj era. Cotton was the first farm-produce to catch the attention of British rulers as they were anxious to secure raw material for their textile mills in Manchester, at prices that would keep the finished cloth’s prices competitive in their key markets including ironically, India. Thus, in 1886 Karanja in erstwhile Hyderabad Residency was established as the first regulated market. Soon after, the Berar Cotton and Grain Market Act of 1887 followed, which empowered the British Resident* to declare any place in the assigned district a designated market and to constitute a supervisory committee. This became the model for enactment in other parts of the country.

*Resident used to be a British diplomat posted in princely states, responsible for facilitating indirect rule of the British.

Thereafter in 1928, the Royal Commission on Agriculture made recommendations for establishing regulated markets, enlisting measures for regulating trade practices, and setting-up market-yards in the countryside. A model bill was rolled-out in 1938 and circulated to all the states. Except for the Punjab Agricultural Produce Markets Act which was passed in 1939 with efforts of a minster in the Punjab govt, Sir Chhoturam, widely regarded as farmers' messiah, not much happened even after Independence. Only during the sixties and seventies, most states enacted Agricultural Produce Markets (Regulation) APMR Acts. All primary wholesale markets were brought under these acts. Well-planned market yards were constructed and for each market area, an APMC (Agricultural Produce Market Committee) was constituted to make and implement rules within the Act. Thus, nation-wide organized agricultural marketing came into being.

However, the rules, and more so their implementation varied a great deal from one state to another. With time, these discrepancies increased, and their impact amplified as the country advanced from food deficiency to sufficiency and then on to surplus. Think of it: India’s population increased from 320 million to 1.10 billion, the gross irrigated area increased from 22 to 76 million hectares, 286 regulated markets in 1947 grew to over 7,500, the Green Revolution happened, globalization and liberalization changed the country’s economic and social landscape and yet the Agri marketing rules remained rooted in the British era acts.

Even though India’s Constitution specifies Agriculture as a state subject, the union government sought to bring some uniformity in the rules and to make necessary changes in keeping with times. In 2003, the Model APMC Act was released for adoption by the states, and in 2007 model APMC rules were framed to implement the act. The idea was to move away from a regime of controls to one of regulated competition. A key feature of the model act was a formal recognition of contract farming wherein the APMCs were given the responsibility to record the contracts. Since, the nature of this reform was prescriptive, keeping in mind the fabric of the constitution, this act was adopted by only 16 states.

Interestingly, six states and UTs: Kerala, Manipur, Daman & Diu, Lakshadweep, Andaman & Nicobar Islands, and Dadra-Nagar Haveli never had an APMC act and Bihar repealed it in 2006.

APMCs govern the regulated marketplaces or mandis where farmers or aggregators bring farm-produce to sell through licensed commission agents, known as arhatiyas. They operate under the jurisdiction of state governments’ agriculture marketing boards. For understanding how Agri produce is traded in mandis, see this Primer

Hitherto, many states mandate that the first sale of farm produce can be conducted only in the designated mandis. Buyers need to obtain licenses from each APMC in order to transact. While some states have been granting single unified market licenses (only within that state) and allowing direct procurement from farmers, they still require payment of APMC fee even if the transaction is happening outside the mandi premises. Since end-buyers don’t have mandi license in all mandis, the trade is controlled by licensed commission agents, even when not required for the purpose of match-making between sellers and buyers. The government itself is at the receiving end of this 'License Raj' wherein arhatiyas enjoy upto 2.5% commission on millions of tonnes of foodgrain procured by govt. agencies like the Food Corporation of India.

What's different this time from the model act of 2003 or for that matter any previous reform attempts is the route taken by the central government, which would make these changes mandatory rather than suggestive. These words in one of the ordinances are telling:

AND

The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion & Facilitation) bill allows trade in agriculture produce outside the physical boundaries of markets managed by APMCs. The only requirement for business in the trade area is that the trader should have a PAN and the farmer must be paid on the same day. It bars state governments from imposing taxes on the sales outside the mandis.

Any entity having a PAN card would be allowed to establish and operate an electronic trading and transaction platform for trade in agricultural produce. Although the government is yet to frame rules for registration, code of conduct, and the procedure, any farmers or trader or electronic platform will be able to carry out trading in farm produce within a state or interstate.

The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services bill aims at facilitating risk-transfer from farmers to firms who are better equipped to handle market risks.

A farmer can enter into an agreement:

A)  with buyers (called ‘sponsors’) where the agreement specifies the time, quantity, quality, and price of the produce

B)  With providers of Farm Services for availing their services

The produce thus contracted and delivered will be free from the application of any other state laws on Agri produce marketing (e.g. APMC act). Also, Essential Commodities Act or any other limits will not apply to such sales. The contract may be linked with insurance or credit instrument issued by govt or private companies to mitigate risks and provide credit to farmer/sponsor/both. However, there is a need for more clarity on the dispute resolution mechanism.

The Union Cabinet had also amended The Essential Commodities Act, 1955, to deregulate commodities such as cereals, pulses, oilseeds, edible oils, onion, and potatoes. A processor or exporter can now stock up to the installed capacity of the plant.

The implementation of these well-meaning rules would determine their success. In fact, many of the envisaged changes in these bills were already in place in some states. Examples: allowing privately operated mandis (like ITC E-choupal) or buyers directly buying at farmgate while reporting the trade and paying Mandi tax. What we've seen is that at one side traders (at least partly) buy without reporting the transaction and on the other side very thin participation in private mandis due to lack of infrastructure and traders’ interest.

A major area of concern is the dispute settlement mechanism. Unlike manufactured goods, Agri produce is not homogenous and there's always an element of subjectivity in quality and grade determination, this sometimes leads to disputes between the buyer and seller. Also, there could be disputes in payment to the farmers.

It's specified that the local SDM shall resolve any dispute between the farmer and the buyer if it's not sorted mutually within 30 days. If the farmer or company disagrees with the SDM’s order, an appeal can be made to the District Officer. In case of a dispute, the farmer or company cannot approach the civil court. Firstly, it's unrealistic to think that the SDM, amidst her revenue, magisterial, and disaster management duties will have time to handle these potentially numerous disputes. Many of these disputes would involve seemingly petty sums as regards demand on the administration's time but would be a big deal for the farmer involved. Also, there are concerns of corruption, caste-dynamics, and political pressures as well as lack of understanding of commodity trade and market dynamics among adjudicators.

In fact, we already have examples of partial or complete deregulation of Agri marketing and cues can be taken from these to foresee how the changes may pan-out under what circumstances.

In 2006, the Bihar govt repealed its APMC Act and dismantled the state-regulated mandi system. The stated objective was to free the farmers from the clutches of middlemen and corrupt and inefficient APMCs. However, the decision seems to have had virtually no impact on farmers, who continue to sell their harvest, as they did before, to the village Banias, who aggregate it and forward to large traders/processors. In fact, many farmers have no idea that the APMCs had been closed down. This is because even earlier, most farmers did not take their produce directly for sale in the mandi, and sold to local aggregators.

However, after repealing the act, commission agents and mandi-based traders found themselves being bypassed and their businesses declined. Village aggregators are now selling directly to large traders or local processors or corporate grain traders. In fact, unlike ITC in M.P., in Bihar large corporate traders have not tried to set up direct procurement channels and continue to deal with large local traders for their requirements.

In contrast, in Madhya Pradesh where the government has done selective opening-up without completely repealing APMCs, the presence of a fairly well-established and regulated mandi system was an important factor in drawing private participation. ITC’s e-choupal provided an additional, often more efficient option to the mandi but did not have to fill a complete infrastructure vacuum, unlike Bihar. Having ITC's choupals just outside the mandi yard has pushed the Mandi Committees to actively upgrade market infrastructure, like bringing-in electronic weighbridges and tightening processes.

Specifically, in perishables like F&V, the allowance of free-trade outside mandi hasn't had much impact and farmers/agents continued to sell in Mandis like Azadpur and Vashi since there're no alternatives.

The most obviously unhappy constituency is that of Arhatiyas or licensed commission agents. They are an integral part of the mandi system, one of the most important sources of rural credit, and a well-organized political lobby. According to the APMC rules, the farmer can't be charged a commission for selling his produce. In practice, however, commission agents deduct 2-5 % of the price. Though middlemen are much-maligned, not all of their fee is pure stealing. It covers a number of services they provide to their farmer-clients and at least this component can be thought of as the 'system cost'. Example: Giving space in their premises for the display of crop, cleaning, and sorting, providing packaging material and labor for weighing and loading-unloading, conducting auctions, pursuing potential buyers, ensuring payments, and at times buying on their own accounts, when no one else is buying. At the same time, they are often positioned to have what's called 'free lunches' in economics, like when they charge a commission to FCI or to a corporate buyer where their effort and risks are minimal and the commission, for the most part, is rent for having a scarce good: the mandi license.

APMCs charge mandi fees from the buyers and licensing fees from not only commission agents but also from a whole range of functionaries within the mandi. The power that mandi committees wield comes from their monopoly on the trade, and the discretion to use their share of revenue, and the state governments' dependence on Mandi generated revenues. The committee members and chairman are nominated/elected out of the agents operating in that market and are highly influenced by party politics. They are supposed to play the dual role of regulator and market but invariably, the regulator role is undermined by vested interest in trade. What else explains the acute political interest in the 'honorary' Mandi committee and the astronomical prices of shops in mandis (in markets like Unjha or Bikaner prices rival that of office space in Mumbai, and not easily available).

Even putting aside the concern of the infringement of federal structure (some observers have termed the ordinances as the most concerted encroachment of the center into a state subject in independent India), the state governments have an immediate concern. It will be difficult to wean them away from this cash cow and making the existing Mandi platforms a service-provider rather than an economic rent-seeker. It will require political will from the states as well as the finncial resilience to absorb this revenue loss. In fact, the mandi fee is levied on huge volumes of wheat and paddy procured by the central govt. agencies like FCI and NAFED, effectively resulting in transfers from the center to states. The loss of 4%– 6% fees that give the states 3500-4000 Crores is a bitter pill to swallow for states like Punjab and Haryana.

In fact, the tug-of-war has already begun with the Rajasthan govt. disagreeing with the provision to designate warehouses outside APMC as free trade areas and requiring that the warehouses under FCI and CWC along with state govt run RSWC will attract mandi fee. It looks we're in for more such turf-wars especially in non-NDA ruled states.

The central govt can still make amends by standardizing Mandi fees across states and assuring a shortfall coverage to states to secure their buy-in. We have a precedent when GST was introduced to replace state-specific VATs plus the inter-state CST.

The MSP'ed (Most Savvy and Pampered) Farmers

GoI procures a large fraction of paddy and wheat from Punjab and Haryana at Minimum Support Price. There is a concern among the farmers, and more so their leaders that after opening up of Agri markets the govt. will gradually withdraw the price support. Over the decades farmers in these two grain-bowls of India have gotten addicted to MSP-based procurement which has led to a monoculture of rice and wheat year after year. Originally MSP started as a tool for incentivizing farmers to adopt high-yielding varieties and farm-mechanization as well as to secure staples for food security buffer but over time it's become a political tool. The support prices declared every year kept on rising-at times out of sync with market prices-and volumes procured also increased way beyond what's required for food buffer and public distribution (PDS).

However, much of this support is concentrated in a few northern states. Overall, only about 6% of the total farm produce gets bought at MSP, but the distribution across states is highly skewed if you look beneath the surface: In Rice, 85-90% of the total paddy produced in Punjab and Haryana gets procured, whereas in most other states it's below 20%. Over 95% farmers in Punjab and 70% in Haryana sell at MSP, whereas this number is 7.3% in W. Bengal, 3.6% in U.P., and 1.7% in Bihar. This explains why largely only Punjab and Haryana farmers are protesting.

Courtesy: Financial Express

Without going into economic and ecological distortions caused by MSP, which is a matter for another time, the fact is that farmers in Punjab and Haryana are relatively more affluent and well-aware of their political power. As the new farm bills say nothing about MSP, is giving a handle to opposition parties and self-proclaimed Kisan-Netas for garnering the MSP'ed farmers. A smart way for the govt could've been to include a line in the bill saying that the government may continue to procure farm-produce under price support programs as deemed appropriate.

It's curious that the protests weren't this loud when the ordinances preceding these bills were passed. NDA allies who seem to have woken up to 'farmers' interests' now cause even more intrigue. Many of the parties who are protesting, have themselves carried out, or tried to carry out similar reforms in their time at the central or states and rightly so. However, apart from the genuine concerns of jurisdiction and financial losses as discussed above, there are political considerations at work. Firstly, a weak opposition wanted an issue of popular interest to beat the government with, even if parts of the bills are deliberately misinterpreted. Secondly, in states like Punjab and Haryana, the arhatiya lobby, with their funding and lobbying clout, is not easy to overlook. The opposing parties hope to gain ground among this community while using farmers' interests as a facade.

On the other side, the BJP has been clearly moving its net on the bottom of the pyramid, even if it comes at the expense of its traditional loyal base of the trading community. In this light, this is a continuation of steps like demonetization and GST. It's another thing that building consensus among all stakeholders and following due parliamentary processes are taking a backseat and even such important and far-reaching legislations are being pushed on sheer strength of numbers.

I was so wrong about the #war between #russia and #ukraine but i would still prefer buying 😂😂

 #russiaukrainecrisis
        

No smart country will shout or announce that they’re going for #war and give enough time for opponents to prepare. 

It’s all just a rhetoric in media. Don’t worry guys, nothings happening to #markets in the long run, ignore the war cry and also Covid is dying soon.

#invest in future #technology #consumption #energy and perhaps every thing. Just remember to forget the past and ignore the #toxic #news 

Happy #investing  !!

 #future #markets #covid #russiaukraine #ukrainecrisis #media
        

So many names of same thing or completly different ??

Stockholders equity
Shareholders capital
Proprietors fund 
Owned fund 
Book value 
Net worth 
Net asset value (NAV)
Total equity 

What do you think ? Are they all same or different. If not different then why do they have different names for same thing ? And if different then what exactly is the difference. 

Comment and let’s us know your views !!


 #fund #equity #networth #shareholders #capital #asset #views #cfa #kaplan Kaplan Professional ME Bilal Ahmad CFA, CPA, ACCA. Shanin Thomas, CFA Shiv Mehta, CFA, CMA Syed Taha Zia, ACA, FCCA, BSc #cma #acca #cpa #aca #us #professional #Icai #cafinal #charteredaccountant #charteredaccountants #cfaexam #cfaprogram #caia #frm #exactly
        

Face to Face or Live online, 
Which one ???

Post pandemic there has been a complete shift in the way education industry, especially the way trainings have been conducted. Today, it’s more transparent, consistent and more global. 

But the biggest question and debating point was whether the Face to Face batches will survive or will it become completly online. 

The conclusion has been that now both Co-exist and those attending online have also become comfortable with it as it offers lower cost and saving of time. 

The overall benefit has been that now education is more affordable, more accessible and nothing is missed (due to the recordings). This changes have made it reach to the last mile, which was a struggle in the past due to logistical and operational issues.

I had never imagined taking a batch with so many nationalities in one class and that itself has made my thought process much wider.

It’s an amazing experience now, to do it simultaneously and ensure the experience is the same on both platforms. Here, definitely it’s the #technology which is at the centre stage and we all have to a adopt and adapt to the new methodologies of learning and training. 

Hence, I think this pandemic has been nothing but a blessing in disguise for our education sector overall. 

 #education #technology #experience #cfa #cfa #cfacharterholder #cfalevel1 #cfaprogram #cfaexam #kaplan #Acca #cma #abudhabi #charteredaccountant #Icai #cfasociety #investmentmanagement #investmentbanking #trainingonline #cpa #caaspirants #training #learning 

Bilal Ahmad CFA, CPA, ACCA. Waleed Minhas Shiv Mehta, CFA, CMA Shanin Thomas, CFA Syed Taha Zia, ACA, FCCA, BSc Amar Mehra Kaplan Professional ME Kaplan Schweser
        

Hello Analysts,

We are starting with our new batch for February 2023 attempt for #cfalevel1 from tomorrow 31st of August in #abudhabi with Online and Face to Face options and various other features.  

You’re invited for the Demo lecture and also You can refer it to your friends, colleagues or anyone who’s interested in the program. 

Let’s begin the journey and see you’ll at our Abu Dhabi office. 

For further details on attending the session, our Sales team can assist you with the same-
Dima: + 971 55 578 0381

And for any query on CFA program you can reach out to me at: +971 50 702 5692

#cfa #cfalevel1 #cfaexam #cfaprogram #cfacharterholder #kaplan Kaplan Professional ME Kaplan Schweser Bilal Ahmad CFA, CPA, ACCA. Shiv Mehta, CFA, CMA Shanin Thomas, CFA #acca #cpa
        

Those who don’t change their minds, change nothing - Winston Churchill 

As rightly mentioned by my colleague Shanin Thomas, CFA here, yes indeed, we all share the responsibility to make the learning more practical and real world based.

In addition to the points suggested here on Excel and readings on sector expertise, the #cfainstitute can come up with few more changes which have been a point of discussion amongst the candidates and trainers and various others industry experts too. 

1. Introduction of internship program:
The #icai institute which conducts #charteredaccountancy has a very well defined practical program called #articleship which really makes the candidates industry ready before they pass their final #exams. A somewhat similar model here will provide candidates with an industrial training opportunity and well versed with real life scenarios. 

2. A financing option:
Many would find this not necessary but I know there a lot of them who wish to do #cfa but drop it because of fees etc. Here an association with local bank or finance institution can be of real help. Although the scholarship option does exist but I don’t think everyone gets it.

3. 60 days for results, why ?
Well, with exams being CBT now, I’m still wondering why the results take 2 months. Can’t it be done quickly like other CBT based programmes ? Why keep the candidate in anxiety for so long and instead give them an opportunity to quickly decide the next step.

Although the above changes and many more are always expected and that how the program becomes so loved one, I would also like to highlight some very positive things that I’ve seen in the Program over the period:

- [ ] Making the exam CBT (paper free)
- [ ] Multiple exams windows and flexibility to choose dates 
- [ ] The scholarship program 
- [ ] Updating the program curriculum almost every year and making it quite practical
- [ ] A very well crafted institute material (The addition on #fintech and #geopolitics and various others required and real world scenarios)
- [ ] One of the easiest and smoothest registration processes 
- [ ] A very quick response team (you always get a reply within the stipulated time) 
- [ ] The emphasis on #ethics and #corporategovernance (and now on #esg) 

And many more..

Overall I’m very glad to have chose this program and never knew this would be one of my best #professional decisions but also agree with my team here on the importance and the need to make it more real world and highlight the changes echoed by many of us. 

 #team #opportunity #training #learning #finance #internship #cfainstitute #cfalevel1 #cfaexam #cfalevel2 #cfalevel3 #cfaexam #cfacharterholder #charteredaccountant #frm #charteredaccountants #icaiexams #icaistudents #cfasociety #kaplan #acca #cpa 

Bilal Ahmad CFA, CPA, ACCA. Shiv Mehta, CFA, CMA Kaplan Professional ME Kaplan Schweser
        

Two changes could, in my opinion, make the CFA program way more effective.

Firstly, replace the financial calculator with Excel.

I haven't seen a single finance professional walking into the office with a Texas BA Plus financial calculator in their hand. Nobody uses it. All come with their laptop having MS Excel.

With CFA exams now being computer-based, I am sure the CFAI could do something to make the students solve questions in Excel.

Why do you have to memorize long formulas when Excel has inbuilt functions to do the donkey work?

With Excel, I don't mean complex financial models. But simple time-value of money applications, statistical calculations, financial statement analysis, basic DCF calculations, and bond valuation could be done in Excel to emulate real-world scenarios.

Secondly - few readings on building sector expertise.

If you want to become an investment analyst, understanding the key drivers of different industries is very important. 

Knowing what same-store sales growth means to retail, ARPU to telecom, or average room rent (ARR) to hotels would help candidates apply the learning to real-world companies.

Wouldn't it be great to have a few readings dedicated to understanding the key drivers and value chains of retail, energy, banking, manufacturing, etc?

I don't know if and when CFAI will implement these changes. But till then, both the training and learning community have the shared responsibility to make learning more real-world.

Our team at Kaplan Professional ME  - Bilal, Shiv, and Kunal collectively try our best to implement these practices in our teaching methodologies.
        

You can eradicate the #virus of covid but what about the bigger virus of #greed ? 

Had #covid twice in last two years. Not once I took Dolo due to the same fear. I do not say don’t take it but this kind of news just puts away people from trusting #medicines or #vaccines and some of those #professionals who are very much at the helm of eradicating the disease.
        

'Dolo-650 makers spent Rs 1,000 cr on doctors for prescribing it': Medical reps' body claims in SC 

Read More | https://bit.ly/3QPLoB6
        

Have you faced issue with #cfa BAII PLUS Calculator whereby your answers do not match the solutions. 

Well, most of the times it’s due to incorrect inputs or incorrect methods by candidates but in very rare occasions it’s also due to the Calculator displaying incorrect calculations.

In the video below I’ve used the example with:
PV = 0
N = 20
PMT = 20,000
I/y = 7
CPT - FV = 819,909.84 (correct answer)

We also got an incorrect answer with FV = 836,747.13

To fix it, use the below solution:
Change the settings
Press 2nd I/Y, go to C/Y
Change it 1 
and check your answer,  You will get the right answer.

Have you faced this issue ? 
Where you able to fix it ? 
Let us know

Input credits:
Shanin Thomas, CFA 
Shiv Mehta, CFA, CMA 
Bilal Ahmad CFA, CPA, ACCA. 

 #cfalevel1 #cfalevel2 #cfalevel3 #cfainstitute Kaplan Professional ME Kaplan Schweser #cfaexam #cfacharterholder #exam #frm #acca #cpa
        

Priorities have changed….

The recent survey by McKinsey and Company highlights some important findings about why exactly people are quiting #jobs even when it’s so difficult to get one. And unsurprisingly it’s not about compensation only. Those organisations who still feel employees are only looking for compensation are making mistakes. 

Growth had become more important then Dividends (as proved by the #noble laureates - Modigliani and Miller) for investors long back. And now in the same manner, Career growth, Care, Support and Employee participation/engagement has already become more important than ever. 

I personally feel it’s not about good #companies but it’s always about who your boss or your immediate #manager is. If not good, it ruins your motivation, no matter however great the organisations is. And all you would want is to quit. 

 #career #motivation #growth #employee #engagement #employeebenefits #hr #humanresourcesmanagement #careerdevelopment #managementskills #people
        

In Todays Dynamic Economic Environment, Managing Risk is the key challange by Asset Management companies, Investment Firms, Government Entities and Corporations.

I personally  obsereved that many Candidates ask for some certification which can equip them for Risk Management roles.

Having background of ACCA and CFA, I learnt a lot of methodologies to tackle Financial and Non Financial Risks, but these certifications focus is general by nature in the context of Risk Management.

FRM Is most prestigoius and recognised certification for Risk Manages across the entities.

The team of Expert Trainers at Kaplan Professional Middle East is there to support you in your FRM journey with all necessary resources.

#frm #riskmanagment #risk #banking 
Shanin Thomas, CFA Shiv Mehta, CFA, CMA Kunal Doshi, CFA Syed Taha Zia, ACA, FCCA, BSc
        

Join us at our upcoming CFA webinar on 23rd August with Bilal Ahmad CFA, CPA, ACCA. to learn about the important updates to the Level 1 curriculum and for an overview of the first leg of your CFA journey! Register now: bit.ly/3QuEotT

#kaplan #kaplanme #kpme #cfa #cfalevel1
        

3,116 followers

In India, the use of cryptocurrency (virtual currency or VC) has been met with both ‘aspirations and aspersions,' and the segment is still facing regulatory and security challenges to a large extent. Currently, India has more than a dozen cryptocurrency exchanges (where users can buy and sell Bitcoins) wherein a few leading names are WAZIRX, COINDCX, Remitano, Giottus, Cashaa India, etc. Globally, there are more than 900 cryptocurrencies; in India, Bitcoin (which is the most popular and the top one in the country), Ethereum, and Litecoin are the leading cryptocurrencies in the segment. Notably, another cryptocurrency operator in India, Ripple is slightly different from its competitors – it is a cryptocurrency and a digital payment platform and is entirely centralized. In comparison, Bitcoin and the others are decentralized, meaning that thousands of miners worldwide use these currencies. However, in the case of Ripple, the company itself controls the currencies. Each cryptocurrency has various levels of features and controls that make it attractive to the user.

In the past few years, India has seen a steady increase in the awareness and use of cryptocurrencies; however, the government and the regulatory bodies have not clearly stated their stand. From a ban in 2018 issued by the Indian central bank, RBI, to the Supreme Court of India ruling against that ban in 2020, the Indian cryptocurrency market has been subjected to unclear policy rulings. Currently, the Indian government has decided to take a middle ground and announced that it would introduce legislation in which the RBI can create a Central Bank-backed Digital Currency (CBDC). However, it has simultaneously maintained the stance of introducing another legislation to ban the trading and mining of non-government backed cryptocurrencies in India. 

Although India's regulatory and legal landscape seems to be the biggest challenge for cryptocurrencies, other risks face the segment. First, the Indian cryptocurrency market (akin to the global scenario) faces high-grade security risks, including gold farming risks, selling the virtual currencies within the game against the rules, changing account balances, and trading for currencies allotted in the game for real gold. These are the ways and means by which digital currency scams can take place. However, till date, the Indian gaming segment has not seen a spike in such crimes - but with the increasing awareness about video games, there is a heightened risk of such crimes also happening here. The uncertain regulatory policies and the nascent or nearly absent legal mechanisms to address such crimes will not be sufficient to tackle such incidents.

Another ironic disadvantage is the high penetration of internet connectivity in India – a large segment of the rural population has access to the internet and subsequently to online games without the requisite knowledge of its risks. The fact that cryptocurrencies are still not mainstream in India does not mean that physical and digital crimes are absent – in 2018, fraudsters kidnapped a businessman in Gujarat and extorted bitcoins worth INR 120 million from him. On the digital level, there has been a surge in cases where conmen have lured investors to spend on cryptocurrencies – an erroneous aspect exploited by fraudsters since a large percentage of the Indian population wants to explore cryptocurrencies without the proper guidance or knowledge. In the past few years (and especially before the RBI ban in 2018), the enforcement agencies have unearthed Ponzi schemes, abduction and extortion cases, and cases of fraudulent schemes. All these seem to indicate that the Indian legal, regulatory, and enforcement stakeholders need a comprehensive understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of this disruptive blockchain technology, enabling cryptocurrency. India is still developing its Cyber Crime enforcement and redressal mechanisms – a large percentage of India's geographic locations do not have a dedicated cyber crime police/complaint cell/office. The usual cybercrime cases also do not get effectively resolved due to the several operational challenges the enforcement agencies face.

The security risks (both cyber and physical) pose significant business and operational challenges to the cryptocurrency players entering or operating in India. In this case, the absence of cybersecurity measures has been posing physical security threats as well. While still not prevalent in India, recently, the Nigerian government stated that cryptocurrencies are being used to fund insurgency and terrorism. Nigeria has also turned out to be the second-largest financier of terrorism using cryptocurrencies the world over. There have been increasing cases of money laundering wherein in one incident two years ago, perpetrators of the crime hacked into global financial institutions’' financial statements and demanded money in cryptocurrencies. Cryptocurrency-based terror funding is not only hi-tech but also invisible – an aspect exploited by dark web users’ world over to the extent that according to some industry estimates over USD 60 billion has been embezzled globally. Recently, there have been some nascent discussions regarding the same in India – however, a concreate framework is yet to be conceptualized with the key stakeholders' involvement. Although incidents of such cryptocurrency-based terror funding or anti-establishment protests funding have not been officially reported, India will have to accept the risks faster since similar cases are being witnessed in other parts of the world. There is an emerging need for identifying the key stakeholders, including the cryptocurrency companies and government enforcement agencies, to pre-empt and formulate an appropriate crime prevention strategy.

On the other hand, the business perspective of the cryptocurrency segment also is still maturing. Some global players who have made an entry into India like Ripple, have submitted comprehensive proposals to the Indian government for ensuring effective monitoring and operations of the company and the cryptocurrencies. Multidisciplinary committees have been formed comprising NITI Aayog, SBI Bank, and others to understand the segment's intricacies; however, the progress has been limited. Most of the discussions are geared toward banning cryptocurrencies in India. Even if it is allowed, it will be entirely under the purview of government-backed virtual currencies. However, industry experts are skeptical regarding this and have also formed a trading organization or a lobbying body to ensure safe business operations for the companies and the consumers.

However, despite the bullish outlook of the future of cryptocurrencies in India, the government and the regulatory authorities are still finding ways to ensure more control and safeguard national interests. The cryptocurrency segment is one such area wherein the consumers' risks and the larger security risks intertwine closely. It is one of those niche segments wherein physical security, financial security, digital security and national security all converge at a point with limited historical knowledge of the lapses and the ways of plugging those. 

Student at Institute of Chartered Accountants of India

NSE IFSC – SGX Connect launched by Hon’ble Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, in the esteemed presence of Smt. Nirmala Sitharaman, Hon’ble Union Minister of Finance and Corporate Affairs, Shri Bhupendra Patel, Hon’ble Chief Minister of Gujarat, Shri Pankaj Chaudhary, Hon’ble Union Minister of State for Finance, Dr Bhagwat Kishanrao Karad, Hon’ble Union Minister of State for Finance, Shri Kanubhai Desai, Hon’ble Minister of Finance, Govt. of Gujarat and Shri Injeti Srinivas, Chairman, IFSCA at an event organized at GIFT City today.

Monday marked the seventh day of auction. The provisional figure for the sale proceeds is ₹1,50,173 crore and the final numbers are being tallied.

Reliance Industries' Jio, rivals Bharti Airtel and Vodafone Idea, as well as billionaire Gautam Adani's Adani Enterprises were all among the bidders for 5G airwaves.

.

What are the most popular scams? 

According to a report by CNBC, scammers send a link to WhatsApp users, claiming that users can win a reward by filling a simple survey.

 After a user responds to the questions, they are redirected to a website where they are asked to fill out sensitive information like name, age, address, bank information, and other personal data.

 Another scam that is currently active on WhatsApp involves the victims getting messages from cybercriminals saying “sorry, I did not recognise you” or “may I know who this is.”

 The scammer initiates conversation with them and even offers compliments to make users feel better and gain their trust—following which the scammer manipulates them into revealing their personal details. 

These details can later be used by the bad actors in multiple ways. How to avoid becoming a victim of a WhatsApp scam? 

1. Avoid taking calls from unknown numbers.

 2. In case you take calls from unknown numbers. Don't dial any OTP if that comes during that call. Avoid sharing any financial details.

 3. One can directly report a scam on WhatsApp by going to Settings-Help- and then clicking on 'Contact Us'.

#whatsapp #fraud #fraudster  #cnbc #onlinefraud #onlinescam #scamalert

Here are 3 reasons why you shouldn’t delay filing your ITR :

1. You will be charged a late fee and interest @1% pm if you fail to file the ITR by the given  due date.

2. Your losses under the head capital gain and business and profession will not be allowed to be carried forward.

3. In case you are eligible for a refund, the  interest on this refund under Section 244A will be lost.

.
.
.
.
.
.
#stockmarket #itr #tax #Finance #financetips #itrfiling #reelitfeelit #youthgroup #incometaxes 

Founder nearbuy.com, Mentor, Angel Investor, Public Speaker

21 ways to win at your job

A thread...

Roshni Nadar Malhotra, the chairperson of HCL Technologies, is the richest woman in India with a wealth of ₹84,330 crore. 

Falguni Nayar of Nykaa overtook Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw of Biocon to become the richest self-made woman in India with a wealth of ₹57,520 crore.

 #india #economictrends #hcltechnologies #nayka #womenceos #womenempowerwomen 

India has zero probability of slipping into recession in the next year, while several other economies, including Asia, Europe and the United States, face the risk of the crisis, according to a Bloomberg survey of economists. 

The probability of recession for several other Asian economies remained unchanged in the survey. Economists see a 20% chance that China will enter recession, and a 25% likelihood that South Korea or Japan will enter one. Asian economies have largely remained resilient compared to Europe and the United States.

"FOCUS ON YOUR GOALS, NOT YOUR FEAR. FOCUS LIKE A LASER BEAM ON YOUR GOALS."

339 followers

#KartiChidambaram raises an important issue relating to the unregulated, online #education companies and their #predatory lending practices. 
Pradeep Poonia 
        

After Grocery, Blinkit is delivering Iphone in 8 minutes, This is really out of the Box stuff.
        

A message to all the parents!

#worldsuicidepreventionday #bestads 
        

What about safety?
What about the law and order situation?
        

No Offence to the people in Bangalore but I’ve been saying since a loooong time Gurgaon is much better for startups or living in general 👇

1. Airport is 20 minutes away.

2. You can book cabs much much more easily.

3. There’s a balance of opinions- not everyone talks about startups. 

4. Traffic is very manageable if you live in Gurgaon. If you’re travelling from Delhi then it’s bad during office hours. But not as bad as Bangalore.

5. Metro connectivity is much better. 

6. I feel housing and societies are also much better.

7. Rains…okay let’s not talk about that right now. 

You can add to the list in the comments or tell me why Bangalore is better. Either way, I’m not moving. 

#gurgaon #startups #bangalore
        

To become a good leader, First, you need to be a good listener.
        

New Trending topic, where everyone is making the same request to Google.

Due to more and more profiles like this LinkedIn is losing it's value.

Add these profile on your block list if you don't want to see cringe LinkedIn posts.

 #linkedin #cringe
        

Zomato has listed a number of restaurants in different cities from where a customer can order their food like any other order.
        

TCS: 19.7%
 
Wipro: 23.3%
 
HCL: 23.8%
 
Infosys: 28.4%
 
Cognizant: 36%
 
Attrition rates reported in April-June 2022 👆 (Still crazy!).
 
It can be controlled by correcting the salaries, a sample below:
 
(1). A fresher joins at 4 Lacs per annum.
 
(2). After 3 years, should get 8 Lacs per annum.
 
(3). After 6 years, should get 16 Lacs per annum.
 
(4). After 12 years, should get 32 Lacs per annum.
 
*******
 
If they get these salaries outside, why will they stay?
 
Double the years, double the salaries. 
 
Organic salaries need to compound too!
 
What do you think?

PS - Of Course only deserving employees should get them!

#attrition  #salaries #retention #indianIT #careers
        

4,354 followers

Already on LinkedIn? Sign in

Looking to create a page for a business? Get help

